Good evening. Good evening, fellow Toastmasters and dignitaries. Welcome to our Zoom online training and demo meeting. I will begin with reading the district mission. We build new clubs and support all clubs in achieving excellence. Since this is a Zoom meeting, will mute and unmute participants as required. If you need to speak, please click on the raise your hand icon on your screens and the moderator will mute if necessary. Also appreciate you are seated in a quiet room free from disturbance and connected to the internet. With a power bank to charge your mobile, assuming you are at home or at place of work, you would know the entry and exit and where the washrooms are located. In the event of a fire, please run out of the premises, leaving behind your phone, laptop, PC, whatever you are using to connect through this. to this meeting. With this, I hand over to the trainer, Toastmaster of the Day, Toastmaster Ketutu. Thank you for our Sergeant of Arms and my better half, Toastmaster Priscilla, who is to open this meeting and who has done a lot of the groundwork for today's meeting. So please, a big round of applause to her. Thank you. No. The person who made this meeting possible, obviously, is our district director, TTM Bafaa Salman, who initiated, who came up with this idea saying, Kaji, we need to do something. And so, who better to start this meeting than our district director? Good evening, everybody, and welcome to our new era. which is the online meeting. I sent an email to TI to take permission for our district to make online meeting, and I will forward the email for you to make sure that we are allowed to do online meeting in your club. But before doing that, we need to know the tips and techniques to do online meeting. It's my pleasure to be with you, practice this online meeting and connect. with all leaders, most of the leaders in our district. However, when Alka came back from London, she said, well, they are doing online meeting there, we need to do something. The first person come to my mind is Kazuka. And I met him, talked to him, and we set up this. Hope this will be a good learning experience for all of us. meeting is done, we will share the video recording to all district members, whoever attended or not attended. Besides, we're going to do another session just in Arabic. So we have the haka that head of Arabic Club Affairs, Vivian Muna, will do the translation for the presentation. And we will do everything the same, but in Arabic version for the people who speak in Arabic. Back to the moderator or the Toastmaster of the evening, Kajita. Thank you. Kasitin, I return the floor back to you, so you need to unmute yourself, and I'm muting Thank you. Thank you, TTM Wafa, District Director. And our next speaker was supposed to be TTM Mohammad Salim of PQD, but I have reached out to him and he told me he will join a little later on. So when he does come, I will ask him to address all of the attendees. Next, we have our Club Growth Director, TTM Alka Komra. and I would now hand over the mic to her, but because there are so many people here, I have to locate her. It's quite a nice screen that I can see in front of me, DTM Alka. Okay, I found you. Please proceed. Good evening, District Director Wacha. Good evening, A.D. Kajetan. And to all the attendees here, it's a real pleasure to see this actually happening. A thing that I was hoping to have ever since I spoke to Didi about it, because I was really concerned by the meetings being cancelled. It's a real challenge for us. It's really understandable that meetings are cancelled. But we cannot stop the journey of Toastmasters and we being Toastmasters. are much more hardier, hardy than the virus, I'm sure. So, this is what I wanted to happen and we have had a couple of meetings that have already happened with challenges, ASSP and a couple in, and also Aura yesterday, and also a few in Bahrain. So, this gives me a real pleasure that this training comes at an opportune time. more clubs will be doing that so that we continue to reap the benefits of Toastmasters. Our membership does not in any way go waste. So we continue with our renewals because this is a crucial time when we are going through renewals. And I have come across members saying, perhaps, what's the use of renewing? But members, we know this is a temporary phase and online meetings are a real exciting thing to do. So I really appreciate DD Wafa for taking this initiative for AD Kajetan to really bring this to actual, we are really starting with it. So thanks to you for that and I hope more and more clubs will follow and we will continue to have our online meetings till we are through the challenge. Thank you very much. the day. Thank You DTM Alka for that and now we will move into the actual tutorial the zoom tutorial but for me the zoom tutorial is not really about the technical part of it so I will cover that but how do we run a meeting first of all If you ask me, is a virtual meeting better than a real meeting? Of course not. But if you ask me, is it better to have a meeting or not have a meeting at all? Then of course the answer becomes, yes we have to have a meeting. And I strongly believe that if we really want to develop and we want to do this virtual meeting, still the crisis is... over and the government tells us it's okay, you can start having social gatherings. Till then, we can continue having our online meetings. But to get the best out of it, we should do the meeting in the best possible way. So rather than just focusing on the technical part of it, I want to address a certain thing here today, like how can this meeting be productive. And at seven o'clock, we will start a demo meet. and we'll see how it is. The first thing I would like to address and these are my five points and please see if you can incorporate these five points as we start this meeting. First of all the Sergeant of Arms has already mentioned quite wrong without any distraction because think of it as coming for a meeting even though you are sitting at home think of it as actually attending a Toastmaster meeting and what do we do there? our phones so the same rule applies please put it on silent mode so it does get distracted. There is no as far as possible as far as possible maybe close the room so that you know the cat doesn't come and jump on say on top of you and it would then at the end of the day distract the speaker so try to imagine this to be a actual meeting and that way it would then give us the same benefits of a meeting. The second thing you need to try to do is try to be in a well-lit environment. Because at the end of the day, when we are speaking, we want to see you. And so some of you all have switched off your video, for example. No. The speaker would want to see, when he makes a joke, for example, are you laughing? But if I see all black dots, what do I know? Is it working or doesn't work? is not working. So the interaction to make it as a real meeting you need to be with video on in a valid environment. I would ideally assume that would expect at least you all if you all are going to conduct this meeting for your members use a laptop because first of all the video will be very stable it will not be distracting. But if you are holding a phone in front of you, and it's shaking all the time, then it does get distracting. But if you just keep it in a stable area, then I can see all of you are moving around, your face, you're smiling, that's great, okay? That's the type of experience we should create. Try to create that club experience. That's it. Audio is. important. So when I speak it shouldn't come teeny voice, it should come clear and especially if you are a speaker for example, you need to be clear the audience should be able to hear you, the evaluator should be able to hear you. And so a small investment for example in a headset with probably a microphone would be a good investment and they don't cost too much of UKD I case I am using a conference system so I am only using the headphone for the voice but my camera and my audio is being captured by a professional system but a simple headset with a microphone would be good enough if you are using for example a mobile maybe invest in a Bluetooth headset so that you can hear clearly and your voice also will be very audible to the And finally the angle of the camera. Try to keep the camera at the same angle as your face and I see most of y'all have that. Some of y'all are keeping it down and then I look at your face and it looks a bit scary. So try to keep the angle of the camera at the same level as your face so it looks flattering. You have one minute to adjust yourself. because I want to see all of y'all. I want to see in a good light because our speakers when they deliver will also want to see y'all as much as possible. And one of the reason and it really looks lovely here because I'm using a big 27 inch monitor I can see all the speakers in one screen can imagine and I'll take a screenshot of it so I can share it and I was hoping that everyone's video is on it would look even better some of y'all are still disabled your video but that's fine. So here are a few tips on the etiquette of a Toastmaster meeting because here we are not talking about a Zoom meeting. We are talking about the etiquette of a Toastmaster meeting. White room, well lit, good audio, keep it stable and now we are to actually be part of a Toastmaster meeting. If you are using a phone one suggestion I would have is you know this very cheap tripods that you get with a phone holder if you put keep that in front of your face you know then it is as good as what I am doing. The quality of a phone is good as video. Now the question which comes is why zoom? DTM WAFA asked me why don't we use for example go to web, one of the quite a famous tool used for holding meetings. And the reason why all Toastmasters especially all the online Toastmaster clubs use Zoom is because it is meant with a meeting in mind. It's not meant with the training in mind. So if I was just going to do training today I would have preferred go to webinar for example because it allows me to train thousands of people. I could have invited people from all over the world but I wanted you to experience also the meeting and webinar is not a good tool to run meetings because as I said I to see your face. I want to see who is paying attention to me, who is enjoying what I am saying because I can see all your faces. You all can see others faces. So the video aspect of it is very important and this is what Zoom does really well. So all of you, those of you who don't have a Zoom account, at the end of this meeting will go to www.zoom.com and sign up for an account. Okay, by the way if you all have Notepad, do make a note of all of this because I will be sharing a PowerPoint with all of this information but the thing is you need to have a Zoom account so that you can create your own meeting. So that's www.zoom.com and create a free account and then download the software so that you can start running the meetings because if you want to... run your own meeting, you need to do it from the computer. You need to set it up from a laptop or a computer, because there are so many settings that have to be done, which are done based on a web browser only, on a big screen. And also, when you're running the meeting, you need to see all the attendees, which you will be finding it very difficult if you are doing it on a mobile. So your members who are signing up, joining the meeting, they can, of course, use the mobile, but you who are running the. meeting should do it from your laptop or computer, whichever it is you have at home. So that's part of the process of why we are using Zoom and how we can use Zoom to run a Toastmaster meeting. Now the question is, is Zoom free? The answer is yes and no. You can use a free account of Zoom, but with a free account of Zoom, you are limited to 40 minutes of meeting only and that means it is not suitable for Toastmaster meeting because we want to do a meeting that is longer than 40 minutes. Which begs the question then how much does it cost if I want to run the real Toastmaster meeting? The answer is 5 Kd per month. So that's the subscription that you need to pay and it depends now because we are... not really doing this for a long period. We may be doing it for the next one meeting, maximum two meetings. So is it worth the investment? Maybe you can subscribe only for one month and then cancel the subscription. This is one way. Or you could probably share a subscription like mine. For example, I could share mine with any club that wants to run a meeting and it is not conflicting with anything that I'm doing. And I usually don't do much with Zoom. So feel free to use my account. to run your meeting do it as a test and see because I don't recommend using the free version for a Toastmaster meeting. You are free to do that like create the free account and try let's say a XCOM meeting. One good advantage of it is you're sure it will finish in 40 minutes so you have to rush and complete your XCOM meeting so it won't drag on you can just try a video conferencing between few members to discuss some issues of the club. It's very good to do that but if you want really a Toast Master meeting I recommend a pro account which costs 5k which is around $15 per month. So now I have a pro account I have a zoom account and I will now show you how we can schedule a meeting. It's very simple it will take us only five minutes So, at the end of this session, go, sign up for Zoom, create a free account, and create the meeting as I show you now. And I will be not focusing on each and every technical aspect of Zoom. Zoom can be used for so many things. I will only tell you what is required to run a Toastmaster meeting, because that's my focus today. Before that, the screen looks so beautiful, let me take one more screenshot. We can post this too. Beautiful, beautiful. we'll post this to district, not district, the official Toastmaster group. So now I will switch to my screen and let's go to zoom.com. So it's zoom.com. Raise your fingers if you can see. my screen. Okay. So I already have an account. And as you can see, this is the meeting which is currently in progress. I have also scheduled a meeting on Friday for Bright Horizons so that will be also online and I guess Bright Horizons team will be sharing the links with you all. So if you want to try a real Toastmaster meeting which is happening very soon, you are more than welcome to join that meeting too. So what do we need to do to schedule a new meeting? Nothing much, you just say schedule a new meeting. and give a meeting name. So let's say we are planning something for quick challenges soon. I don't know what's the number. Online meeting. So I give a topic and a description. I choose the date when I want to hold it. Let's say going to do it on 16th at 6 o'clock for two hours and this is as I said if you want to do a two-hour meeting you need a pro account. Now very few things you need to keep in mind. First of all registration is it required or not for Toastmaster meetings, I don't recommend and even for this particular meeting, I have made it as no registration required. If I say registration required then obviously you have to have a Zoom account, you have to register for that meeting and only those people and it becomes more complicated. The second part is What meeting ID do you want to give? So when you have a pro account you have two options. So you have a fixed meeting ID which you can use anytime and the second option is you have a new meeting ID every time and for Toast Master meetings you must have a new meeting ID every time. Why is that? Because for every meeting that you create you can have different polls, different results, who was the best speaker. So what will happen is they will be all kept separately under different meeting ID. So for Toast Master Meetings the system generate for you a new meeting ID every time. Do we need a password? I don't recommend. It becomes additional hassle to manage passwords, sharing passwords. For more complicated meetings you may want to choose passwords but for Toastmasters I don't recommend. Then what about the video when a member joins, let's say when for the host When he joins the meeting, do you want the video on or off? This is very simple. You can leave it on, off, it doesn't matter because it can be always changed at any time. So I have kept it off, but as you can see, you can switch it on if you want. The other part I would like to keep with a note is the audio. Normally you can use your mobile phone audio or your laptop audio, which is a computer But Zoom also gives an option to dial in, especially if you're in the US and all that. You can dial in for the audio. You can choose. I don't think they support Poets. So that's why I force always to be computer audio. So whatever audio you have, if you have a mobile phone, you have a laptop, you will use that audio only. And it works fine for me. A few more options that we can pick here is that, do you want to join before the hosts? So if you are the Toastmaster of the day, and if you are late, should the members wait for you to join into the meeting room? So if you click here, it means they can directly come into the meeting room. If you remove it off, it means you must wait for the Toastmaster of the day or whoever is running this meeting to come and admit you into the room. In this particular meeting, I have said, actually it doesn't matter for me, but... So you can choose. I would advise to keep enable on because any member if he's early also you can come for the meeting he will find the meeting room ready for him. Mute participants on entry definitely because what will happen a speaker is giving a speech and suddenly a new member joins and his audio is on what will happen it will distract the speaker. So when you say mute participants on entry when they join the meeting, by default the microphone will be switched off. We can see their face if the video is on, but we won't be able to hear them, which is good. Do you want to enable the waiting room? A waiting room is also a good idea to keep, especially in a Toastmaster meeting. I'll tell you why. Again, if the speaker is speaking... and a member decides to join the meeting suddenly his face will pop up on the screen and maybe the speaker will get distracted. So what the Toastmaster of the day or the person controlling the meeting will do is he'll enable the waiting room. So during the speech the waiting room will all the people who are coming they will be kept in the waiting room. So imagine if it is in a Toastmaster meeting the Sergeant of Arms is blocking the door not letting the people come in. till the speech is over. It's like that. So once the speech is over, the Toastmaster of the day can check if there are any members waiting in the waiting room and then bring them in. And this is what I am doing by the way right now. I have enabled waiting room so that if any member comes, I first look at it and then admit. So what will happen when Wafa, our district director, is giving a speech? I will make sure that people are not brought into the meeting when the speech is going on. evaluation is going on they'll be in the waiting room and then they'll be brought inside and the last thing is do you want to record the meeting it's up to you if you want to share the meeting with others and whether authenticated users only can join if you say authenticated user that means all of them must have a zoom account now many of you don't have a zoom account so if I had enabled this it would have become more complicated for so if I just Scroll to the options, let's go back, meeting, a description, the date, the duration, no registration required, generate the ID automatically, no password required, here it really doesn't matter, computer audio, allow the join before the host, mute participants on entry, enable the waiting room. and the rest can be up to you. So that's it. I have created the, if I click save, I have now created a scheduled meeting. So now what I can do is I can take this link and I can share it with my club members saying this is your link for the meeting on so-and-so date and that's it. You have your scheduled the meeting. Simple. Now, before I move ahead, I just want to see, I see a lot of people in the, let me stop the sharing. Wow. We have what? 72 participants. Let's run a poll and see who's, who's here. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to run a poll now and share that. results with you. So first of all I have is what's your experience using Zoom? Rate yourself. Are you an expert? This is your first time. Please accept my apologies that I won't be able to monitor the chat because I can't do two. I'm not that much of a multitasking guy. So I will look at the chat maybe later on and then maybe post the responses in the WhatsApp group. So we have a good amount of responses, and I will end the polling in three, two, one. So as you can see, we have some first-timers, some who have attended Zoom meetings, some have conducted meetings, and we have two experts, which is great, right? We can share from each other. understand. Okay, I'll do one more poll because I want to know where are you from. Yay, Kuwait is winning. I'm happy to see so many of our members, my Toastmasters from Bahrain joining us. Excellent, I will close the poll in three, two, one. So as we can see, we have people who have attended this meeting for the first time. So for them, it might be a little overwhelming to go to the Zoom and create a meeting from scratch. That's why I have created the WhatsApp group. I want you all, if you are really interested in doing your own Zoom meetings, as I said, go to zoom.com. account. Follow the instructions that I have shared and I'll be sharing the PowerPoint also in the WhatsApp group. Create the meeting. Maybe in the initial stage just have a meeting with two or three people. Then you can practice for your actual Toastmaster meeting. Make a trial run with your XCOM maybe. See how it works and then you can do the actual Toastmaster meeting. Now we move into the controls related to, like, how did I create this poll? How did I share the poll with you all? And how could you do? So you could use a poll like this, for example, in a Toastmaster meeting for choosing the best speaker or the best table topic, best role player. So now you have one role less required in Toastmaster meetings. You don't need a vote counter, correct? because the Toastmaster of the Day will create the polls. And once the speaking segment is over, launch the poll and that's it. You know who was the best speaker and we will do that for the table topics by the way today. Now comes, once the meeting is started, so basically that I have started, created this meeting, whenever you are ready to start. meeting, I will share my screen once again. So I have created this meeting with all these parameters and if I want to, if I know all the speakers in advance for example, I could create the poll also at the same time. So how do I do that? I can say add a poll. So for this meeting that I have just created, I will say, for example, best speaker. So let's say please choose the best speaker. Let's say for example. So you can keep these polls saved in advance so that when the meeting segment is over you don't waste the time creating the poll during the meeting time. The polls are already ready. You're up and running when it is time to deliver the select the speaker and all it requires then is to start the meeting. open the zoom meeting that I am running now. Of course I can't start this meeting because I'm already running one meeting. If I do that my whole current meeting will sort of go for a toss. So all you have to do is click start meeting and it will it will start the new meeting for you. But now since I'm already running the meeting what I want to explain to you is how do you control this meeting? How am I making sure that the speaker is not getting distracted? How am I... making sure that the focus of the meeting remains on one person. So the first thing that we need to understand is how we can mute and unmute people. And so when you are the host, and especially, again, the comment that you should do this from a laptop or a computer is when you are a host and you open the Zoom meeting, you will have all the controls required to run the meeting. and the first thing important that we should do is mute and unmute. So I'm not going to I cannot show you my zoom screen because it will become like a zoom inception because screen inside the screen but what happens is you have a simple option there called mute all but that's fine muting all everyone understand it will mute everybody except you but the important control that is there is when you do mute all there is another option they're called allow participants to unmute themselves and the question is should I allow participants to unmute themselves? Who thinks we should allow participants to unmute themselves? Anybody? No, right? Don't let the participants unmute themselves because they might do it by mistake and what if the speaker was speaking he will get distracted. So the important thing when you are muting everybody is to make sure that participants won't be allowed to unmute. to unmute themselves. So that's the first control as a Toastmaster of the day or the person who's running this meeting and my recommendation is again the Toastmaster of the day is the person who's running the meeting, who's organizing it, making sure all the members have the right meeting link and they come in time and so forth. So he will handle the muting and unmuting. Second part is should you record the meeting and we have two options available for you. You can record on your computer or you can record it on the cloud. The difference is of course if you start recording on the cloud that is on the zoom servers then they will start counting how much space you are occupying and then there will be a limit. I am not very sure what my limit may be 1GB or 2GB. But once, then you have to start paying. So I prefer to record on my PC. And then I simply upload it to YouTube because YouTube is free and I can share it with everybody. Okay, so, but you can choose. You can say I want to record my meeting on the cloud or on the, or don't record at all because it's up to you, it's up to the club members. Maybe they don't want to share their meeting with the rest of the people. it's the club decision. And the second thing, and if you notice I keep on shifting my eyes because I am checking if new members are joining in because the they will not directly come into the meeting room, they will be in the lobby. So I have to keep admitting them from the lobby as and when they come because in my meeting control I have said enable painting room. So once you enable it whenever a member logs in he will not come directly into this. meeting somebody the toast master of the day or the control has to admit him into the meeting so very simple control for the toast master of the day muting and then whenever you want to unmute them let's try this why not let's let me unmute everybody and see what kind of cacophony that we get when I do that and that is probably you'll do it during the break time so people could say hi to each other and of course there won't be this many people in most meetings but that's how you will do it but when it comes to controlling who will speak the idea is that you should unmute one person at a time who's going to deliver the next speech Once he finishes, mute him again. Also there are different views of the meeting. So there is something called a speaker view and there is something called a gallery view. I don't know whether you all can see it because when you switch to a speaker view, the person speaking takes up your whole screen. When you switch to gallery view, then all the speakers will be visible. Now for me, if I am delivering my speech, I will always keep the gallery view because I want to monitor, I don't want to see my face right, I want to see what effect I am having on the other people. But if you are an audience member, you might prefer to use the speaker view because you want to see the screen what the person is saying clearly and so that you can give feedback to that person. Okay, is that clear? the gallery view and the speaker view. Speaker view should be for the audience and the gallery view ideally should be when the speaker is delivering his speech. And so the speakers, please note today, when you're giving a speech, switch to gallery view so that you can see all of us enthralled with your speech. The next part comes to the sharing of the screen. Of course there will be a control for you to share and again as a meeting controller you can decide whether anybody in the audience can share or only I can share. For this particular meeting the sharing for you will be disabled because I have made sure that only the host can share, not the attendees. But again it's a control that is available for you. And the polls, I have already shown you how to create a poll. It's a very simple thing and the poll can be modified also. Suppose let's say you had created a poll as we saw for three speakers and while the meeting started we realized that Wafa has dropped out. She had some very busy meeting somewhere. So I can just go to the polls and then say modify the poll and edit it. It will take me back to that same that I had created where I can remove her name and then launch the poll after the speakers have completed their segment. And the last thing is the chat. Some of you might have seen the chat where you can share messages while the meeting is going on and this could be used from a Toastmaster perspective to give feedback after the speaker has open we used to write this chips right now there is no chips it's virtual so you can then write a message as a feedback to the speaker because you have two ways of delivering feedback you can when you're writing the message you can say this message is for this particular person only so it's like a private message only that person will see it or you can say it's for everyone so the whole group can see it so chat could be used most as far as the Toastmasters meeting is concerned, to provide feedback by the audience to the speaker or to the table topics. Anything that happens, you want to give feedback, you could use this option. Okay, so I'll just summarize what are the things that you have to do to run the meeting properly. You have to have a good understanding of muting and unmuting. It will hardly take you any time to get hang of that once you create a meeting. decide whether you want to record the meeting or not then keep an eye on the lobby if you have enabled the lobby so that and the members come you and bring them inside the meeting room. The speaker view and the gallery view I hope you'll have understood when to use what. Share the screen when so if the speaker for example. brings me to question of sharing screen. What if you want to deliver a project like research and presentation where you have to deliver a PowerPoint? So the easiest way of course would be to load the PowerPoint, use the share option and show the PowerPoint to the audience. But then what about you? Where are you in this picture? box right somewhere in the screen so that is something you have to decide as a speaker is it worth to use a PowerPoint because the focus goes away from you your PowerPoint becomes the presentation now not you so that is one of the challenges of zoom meeting because you have to choose one or the other so if you have some research numbers or some Things to be shown perhaps you could only show it at the time that is required Share the screen and then stop sharing so that the focus again moves back to you for delivering your speech Polls run the poll to select the best speaker or whatever and You are ready to Hold your first dose master meeting Now before we do our demo meeting. I would now open the floor. We have 10 minutes for any Q&A related to what I have spoken. So the way it will work is you can either raise your hands if you're on video, I can see you. And so Mr. Dinesh has... having this one minute I can't see it initial audio controls there is some Okay, Dinesh, you have a question. Please proceed. Yeah, good evening to all of you, the fellow Toastmasters, and the moderator and the area director, division director, all of you. Very short, as you told me about the sharing the screen, as I am joining the meeting on the mobile, not the laptop, so if I share the screen, or anyone of the share the screen, whatever I can see the window, that will be only shared or will go to full participant screen. Now, what you share will become the main screen on this whatever the zoom meeting it will take up the almost the whole thing and on top you'll see the participants in small boxes okay the sharing basically takes over the entire screen so that's why as far as a Toastmaster meeting is concerned I highly discourage sharing screens because here we are in Toastmaster meeting we are here to develop a skills talking skills you know communication skills the focus should be only on communication okay thank you i reach jefford you had raised your hand so i'm handing the mic to you hi i was talking to my mom okay anybody else has a question i'm trying to see any okay okay Anwar, you're on Anwar. My question was I saw this interesting feature of how you created the pool but how do you post it so you share with us how you created it, how do you share it while in a meeting. Okay so again I can't show the screenshot but when I send you the PowerPoint you'll find it there. Basically once you open the screen, the zoom meeting, there is a small button which says poll. When you click on that poll button, whatever polls you had created in that previous screen which I showed you, they will pop up and you just choose one of them. So if you had created two or three polls, it will give you option which poll do you want to run and then it will appear on the screen of the attendees. Okay and the same thing with lobby. I think only you would be able to see. the waiting room right only you can of course you can have you can have something called a co-host so as a backup if something went wrong here I have made Priscilla as the co-host so if I find some technical problem she would be able to then monitor and accept the people. Thank you for those insightful questions. Anybody else? Okay Sishan. Christian you mentioned about you'd have to buy the the membership part just a clarification so I think the the ones as you for example if you are conducting a meeting I think that's quite important that you would have to buy how does a participant all the participants of the club know for participants it is free they can log in from the phone any device nobody the participants don't have to pay the only the meeting host has to pay for it so normally that would be the club right the club would purchase it or maybe a couple of clubs will share because they can share because not all clubs meet at the same time so one day one club can use that ID the next day another maybe the district can share with us for them $15 is nothing exactly and of course I have offered my my ID for you whoever needs just message me and you're free to use it. Perfect. Thanks a lot. Thank you. I'm checking anybody else has a question. Amur Ali, you raised your hands. Okay, go ahead. Please your two devices are always causing problems. Okay. Hello. Yeah. Yes please proceed. Hello. Hello. Yeah you are using two devices next to each other and that is. Yeah I am just coming out. Okay. How many meetings you can conduct like this or among IDNR every day a meeting can be conducted just for clarification? Yes. What 24 hours you can conduct that means one morning one evening. one night and do it for all 20 or 30 days, no problem. Okay, thank you. No limits. Anybody else has a question? If not, we will start. Okay, Sandy, over to you. Can you hear me? Yes. Okay, great. Great. My question is, you said we could share it to the members, but what do we do, how do we share this for non-members, like if we want to publicize the meeting? You have to decide if, for example, guests, and this is by the way recently a discussion in the official group also, is it a good thing to add... So let's say, bring guests to an online meeting like this. And it's a decision you have to take because will he get the same experience? Because he may say, oh, I can pay a few dollars and enroll into one of the public speaking courses that are available. What do I get? And you may lose a potential guest. That is this possibility because he may not get a good experience. And especially if the meeting is not conducted at the highest standards, for example. You don't have a team like me to run the meeting and let's say there is a lot of disturbance and he might get a bad impression, which he would not get if he comes to a club and experiences it. So really the choice is yours, but if you decide for a guest to join, fine, just take the same link and tell him to join from your phone or whatever, it's the same thing. It doesn't matter. He'll come as a guest. Because it's, I mean, like the news just came that they're going to do a... complete shutdown and so I can imagine that we might be using this forum for at least two weeks probably a month or maybe even more depending on how the situation progresses so Inshallah we'll all get pretty good at this. Yep that's why we are here so that we get good at it. Thank you very much. Anybody else wants any questions? We are right. We can take maybe maximum one question and then we will start with a demo meeting. So now you are going to experience what a meeting will actually feel like and then what you can do take this learning and try to simulate it and make it exactly like that in your meeting and so that would show you how you will introduce the speakers and so I will be controlling the meeting so when I introduce somebody you will notice that I will be unmuting only that person as I have done now during the Q&A session so that ensures that the meeting remains clean everyone can focus on what is being said and we are ready. So are we all ready to start the meeting, the demo meeting? I would advise as many as possible to enable your video now because if our speakers are talking to blank screens they may not feel so enthusiastic about delivering their speeches. So let me, before I start the meeting, let us check the agenda and I will enable my to just make sure Priscilla I'm okay can I just review the agenda timer can you your ideas your time at all okay general valid detail morally everything looks okay all right I can see a raised hand grammarian and our counter where can I see Ram Kumar he is not his video is not on but is he available can he see it he's a he is there he's on if not somebody please raise your hand you Okay. DTM Ramkumar Yes, I can hear you. Okay. And but I can't see my video. Video I cannot see what what should I what should you advise? I cannot see my video on the screen. You Anyway, as long as you are there, you are supposed to be general grammarian. Fine. We can manage without looking at it. I hope she's still here. Yes, okay. And our beautiful table topic master, Najwa, I can see her concentrating on table topics. So we are expecting an amazing meeting. I will start by introducing how this meeting will go. Since we have already done the opening segment of the Sergeant at Arms and the district director's address, which would be the president address in a normal meeting, I will start with the role-players, those who will make this meeting a success. And our first role-player is the timer. And this is something different because how do you know who's the timer? How do you keep track of your time? Perhaps a timer will explain this role to us. Good evening, fellow Toastmasters. Today, I am the timer at this Zoom meeting. Everything will proceed as normal. I will show the respective cards. At qualifying time, I will show the green card. Is it visible? Yes. Thank you. At midway, the yellow card. And at maximum time, the red card. You will have 30 seconds of grace period to complete your speech or your evaluation. We have one speaker, one speech, five to seven minutes. I will show the cards accordingly. Table topics will be one to two minute. At one minute, I will show the green card. At one and a half minute, the yellow card. And at two minutes, the red card. Evaluations will be from two to three minutes, at two minutes the green card, at two and a half minutes the yellow card, and at three minutes the red card. 30 seconds, grace. Thank you. Look for me on the screen. Yes, and that's the important thing. The person who is delivering the speech must make sure that you scroll to the... gallery view and make sure the timer is one of the person that you are observing. So make sure that if you are in the gallery mode that you have identified the timer and then you can start your speech. Our general evaluator is DTM Murali, shall I unmute you? Yes. Good evening Toastmasters. I'm very happy to be part of this meeting as a general evaluator. As a general evaluator I will see how the meeting goes from beginning till the end and when my session comes along with my team of evaluators I'll be having my session. Over to Toastmasters for the casualty. Thank you and our final role player is the grammarian and also hopefully the... counter KTM Ramkumar the floor is yours. Hi good evening can you hear me. Yes. Mr. Toastmaster, Cajetan Baruto, distinguished dignitaries, fellow Toastmasters and guests. As grammarian it is my responsibility to pay close attention to all speakers listening carefully to their language. I'll take a note of any improper language as well as any outstanding words, quotes, sayings or thoughts used during the meeting. As a grammarian, it is also my duty to introduce the word of the day. So let me introduce the word of the day today as mentioned in the agenda already. The word of the day is the word of the day. of the day today being used is inevitable, which means something that is certain to happen which is unavoidable. For example, inevitable is death. Incapable of being avoided or evaded. It can be adjective. or noun. As a noun, I can say that a situation that is unavoidable. But some other example I would like to bring to you is, I did not think the decision taken was inevitable. It is inevitable that someone will try to offer better training. So I urge everyone to use the word of the day today is inevitable. your role while you deliver your speech. I encourage all speakers to use the word of the day. I will give the grammarian report when called upon during the meeting and also report on the usage of the word at the end of the meeting. Now, additional to that, I have a role of our counter. Again, greetings. everyone. The purpose and key role of our counter is to note words and sounds that are used as scratch words or pause filler words, but those of anyone who speaks today this evening. I will listen for the overused words including and well, but so and you know you know repeated words. I will also listen for the filler words including yes. I will also note when a speaker repeats a word or phrase as I or this means this means the repeated words and I will submit my knock-on to report at the end of the meeting. I will report the number of times that each speaker used these expressions. Thank you Toastmaster of the day. Back to you. Thank you DTM Ram for explaining your role to us. Now comes the peace, the resistance. A first, not only a demo meeting. but a speech delivered by none other than our district director. And who will evaluate our district director? Another DTM, DTM and a CGD for District 20, DTM Alka Komra. To explain the project objectives, I hand over the podium to DTM Alka. Thank you Toastmaster of the Day, Toastmaster Kajeti. Well, our worthy distinguished speaker today, DTM Vafa Salman, is going to do her level three elective from the path dynamic leadership. The project is that of vocal variety and the purpose of the project is for the member to practice using vocal variety to enhance a speech. So in this, the member will present a well organized speech. on any topic, and she will use her voice to communicate and enhance the speech. The speech timing is five to seven minutes, and the title of the speech is First Impression. First Impression, DITIYAM VAFA SALMAN, all the best. DITIYAM VAFA SALMAN, first impressions, five to seven minutes. DITIYAM VAFA SALMAN, first impression. Bill and Hillary Clinton often tell the story of how they met. They locked eyes at Yale's law library until Hillary broke their silence and marched towards Bill. She said, hey, if you keep looking at me and I will keep staring back, we he might as well be introduced. I'm Hillary Rodham, what's your name? Bill has said he could not remember his own name. That was a first impression and it was a memorable one. Toastmasters of the evening, fellow Toastmasters and 61 evaluators, good evening. First impression is very critical in our life. As in short period of time others will form opinions about us based on our appearance, our body language, our gestures, and our character. So we need to make sure that this first impression is good one and a memorable one. I will talk today about how to make that good person. impression. However, mind you, that sometimes it's inevitable. But we need to try to do the best that we can to make our first impression unforgettable. I will give you three tips. The first tip, keep a charming smile. They say that a smile, when you smile, the word smiles to you. And there is nothing like it. smile that guarantees a positive reaction. Whenever you do, wherever you go, just smile and you will see people smiling at you. So it's the first key of a good first impression. Mom used to tell me that I need to smile more. So I start practicing smiling. Lately I am. I put smiling. face on my computer, in my room. So whenever I see, I smile, especially at my office. Whenever I'm talking over the phone, I smile. I put a word smile, you are over the phone. The more casual than it used to be 20 years ago. However, it's important to dress the pot. It took me years to be convinced. I used to argue with Bob a lot and I always tell her, who cares how do I look and dress? The most important, it should be clean and tidy. to tell me, dear, they say a picture is worth a thousand words and the way you present yourself to the people, that's how your image has been memorable. Therefore, it took me years but I eventually persuaded and I dressed according to the situation. The third tip I want to give you is speak clearly. Oliver Wyndham said, speak clearly if you won't speak at all. Carve every word before you let it fall. It's very important when we are speaking to speak clearly and slowly, especially for us. We are non-native speakers and when we are communicating, not in our language, if we start to speak quickly, nobody can understand and they will not understand our words. So I practiced how to listen to the last letter of every word I say to make my words as clear as possible. So even if I'm... not in mother tongue language like now, I feel and I'm seeing that all people are understanding what I'm saying. To conclude, our perception is based on the things that we see from the first impression of people. Now, is the first impression a last impression? Well, it's debatable. Some people say yes it is and others say no it's not. Whatever is the case. Sometimes the first impression cannot be a revisable. Sometimes you meet people once and you don't have the opportunity to meet them again. So whatever image you showed them it will stuck in their memory. My advice is that three simple tips. that make your first impression a memorable one. First one, share a charming smile. Second, dress appropriately to impress people. And third is speak clearly. If you follow these steps, your first impression, it will not just be good, it will be a memorable one. Back to you. God Master of the evening. I'm sorry, I was muted. So you have one minute to write some feedback to DTM WAFER and you can write it in the Yes. And, we will next move on, I'll just wait for a few more seconds. And of course, the beauty of a virtual meeting is you could always give the feedback even at a later point and she will get it. Coming to our next segment, and we are right on time, maybe three minutes only late, which is great, is our table topic segment. And to conduct this table topic segment is my best friend in Toastmasters, Toastmaster Najwa Selma. And let me hand over the podium to her and she will explain what she's going to do. Hello, everyone. It's the first time for me to be on online Zoom meeting with those masters, I will say that I'm honored now to see you all, happy to see you all. Today as Table Topics master, I'll explain a brief first as what is Table Topics. So Table Topics is an impromptu speech, for me it's speaking from the heart, whatever comes to your mind related to a story that links to the topic. it's more than pleasure for me to hear from you. So I'll share with you some quotes or sayings and by that the participants will share her speech or his speech and the timer will introduce the timing based on that from one to two minutes. So let's go for the timer so if she can explain the timing segment for this table topics. control. Good evening fellow Toastmasters once again timing for table topics is one to two minutes at one minute I will show the green car at one and a half minutes I will show the yellow car and at two minutes I will show the red car you have 30 seconds grace period to complete your table topic over to table-topic master Thank you so much. By that, our theme for today is human and adapting. By that is how we gonna adjust ourselves to adapt with the situation that you are going through. Whatever is the situation first, especially the situation that we are already having nowadays, first thing to do is to calm down, relax, everything gonna pass smoothly, precautions will be taken, everything nice. So today... we'll have some participants to share this segment and we'll have Kaji in control to see who will raise his hand to be our first volunteer and I will say the topic twice. I don't know who will be chosen by Kaji. I cannot hear you Kaji, then. Kaji, I can't hear you. cannot hear you. She has to speak. Okay thanks. Okay so Raj you will be the first volunteer for tonight. Yes. So you have to choose from one to six. Five. Perfect. So your code to be. The art of life is a constant readjustment to our surroundings. Okay, I got that. The art of life is a constant readjustment to our surroundings. The floor is yours. Alright. Can I see the timer? Where is the timer? Priscila? Okay, I can see it. Alright, shall I start? Okay. Life inevitably revolves around us. Our life inevitably revolves around us because we are the center of our universe and we as human beings are capable of adjusting to any surroundings, any situation. There are people living in the Antarctic, There are people living in deserts and is always being inhabited by human beings. So, human kind is able to adjust itself to any surrounding. That is one of the best thing about being a human. Creatures though may be adaptable to some particular surrounding because that's where they live and they cannot survive elsewhere. But human beings like I left my village India I left my country India and I have been living in Gulf of yes, even though I don't know Arabic I have still managed to survive here. So being adjustable, adaptable is one of the conditions that human beings are capable of and always will be. Over to you. Thank you so much Raj. By that we'll have our second volunteer for tonight. can't know so choose from 1 to 6 except 5 3 so adaptability is the simple secret of survival adaptability is the simple secret of survival. Do you agree or disagree? Floor is yours. Thank you very much tabletopic master fellow Toastmasters, distinguished dignitaries. I totally Secret of survival. Have you ever noticed people among the world, if you see at the logistics, I mean, sorry, statistics, many of those who married are not happy because they don't have children. There are people who are widows. It could be a man. could be a woman. You agree to those masters? Yes or no? Yes. Now, the secret of happiness is something that you adopt an orphan child, an infant baby, or a poor child who lost their father or mother. The secret of survival for them is immense. come to the context of the word survival. It itself defines them that they want to live more than hundred years because the paramount of happiness, the joy, the instillness, the instinct to, the ability of confidence, courage and persistence, the poor with their love, affection, they don't know their mother and father, just because you... adopted a child who was orphaned and given your love, the bond has created. To conclude, I must say that there are those who blessed with little ones. There are those who blessed with nothing, but the opportunity is yours. You can make a choice of adopting a child. There are many of those who are living in camps. Syrian child. They don't have parents, they don't have food to survive. Adopt and live your life to the fullest. Back to you. Thank you. Thank you so much Ram. With a big applause to Ram. Let's rock it out here. Okay then, let's have our third participant for tonight and hear. Can we have somebody from Bahrain please? Please raise your hands. Yeah, why not? For sure. I cannot see hands raising, but it's your control. Who would like to take up the challenge? Please raise your hands. Who dare to come to me? So we'll not force we push? Something like that? Yeah, you can choose and I will unmute that person. I cannot. catch anybody from you. So let's have Sandy, I can see her in front of me here. Okay, I got you Sandy. Hello. Do you have other numbers like one, two, four and six? Six. Perfect. So you're saying to me, train your mind. to see the good in every situation. Train your mind to see the good in every situation. Talk about it. Sandy Stein. Stein. Stein everybody. Good evening Toastmasters and our wonderful online forum. The idea of keeping a positive mind is something we really have to have, especially at this time as these notices are going around, coronavirus, don't go anywhere, look out, we're going to catch you, and you're going to get it, and you're going to die, and people are panicked everywhere. And for myself, the way that I do that is to to really kind of turn off a lot of those social media things and instead I focus on things like prayer, reading funny books or watching humorous shows, I love cartoons, and just really spending quality time with the people around me and trying very hard to avoid all of that negativity. So if you focus your thoughts and your time on the positive things, yes those negative events are happening around us. We can't change what other people are thinking, what's happening around us. All we can do is change how we are adapting to it. What is our response to all of this? If we work on focusing our response on positive ideas, what can we do, what can we change, and how are we able to do things that could help ourselves or help others, then it helps you to get rid of that panic, to calm things down, and not to freak out as so many people are, and that- to you toast uh table topic master thank you so much standing amazing everybody stay positive no panic here all around so let's have our fourth participant and the drum roll goes to either you raise your hand or you'll be picked up on the photo cashew control i don't know if the hands are raised or not no i can't see anybody somebody will be selected and here we go. Be ready. We'll have Faisal Jamil, is he online? Faisal. Moving forward, if he's not, we'll count to five. four, three, two, one. Time is money. We'll move forward to another one named Toastmaster Will. Ready. So this is why they say table topics is the most fun and having fun in the whole meeting as everyone, everything goes serious and formal so let's have fun, enjoy this segment. so bear with me here so mr will you have to select either one two and four number four number four okay it is not the strongest or the most intelligent who will serve survive, but those who can best manage change. It is not the strongest or the most intelligent who will survive, but those who can best manage change. Toastmasters will. Good evening Toastmasters. A lot of times we believe that the strongest person or the smartest person is the best person in the situation. However, in life, we all have changes always occur. So the person that actually can adapt to any change is actually the strongest person or the most beneficial person. Like in this situation here, dealing with the situation going around the country with the virus, even though he might be the strongest person. be the most healthy person ever, you might end up getting sick. However, if you adapt and have a positive mental attitude and realize that this effect is only temporary, you can actually go through this a lot easier. Similar to this meeting tonight, we have a lot of great speakers, a lot of great firefighters ever adapting to the change even though we weren't able to have meetings individually come together. together and being in this form to have them meet the line is actually encouraging change and current adaptability and ensuring that we continue to survive even though circumstances are not the best. So basically inclusion like to emphasize that don't have to be the smartest, don't have to be the strongest. However having that strong will to when you face adapt to it, to make a change, to overcome the solution, it's always the best. It's up to us. Thank you so much, Will, amazing. Now, I just would like to, since we are running slightly five minutes behind schedule, I think can we finish with the table topics? Yes, for sure. Okay, there is one speaker who has raised a hand and we can't ignore. Ruhanna, I'm handing over to you. Hello, Ruhanna. Hi, can you hear me? Yeah, sure. Okay. So, Ruhanna, you would like to participate here and you will be our last participant for this segment, so you can choose either one or two. One. So, one. Adaptability is about the powerful difference between adapting to cope and adapting to win. Adaptability is about the powerful difference between adapting to cope and adapting to win. Rohina, floor is yours. Thank you. There's no floor. Good evening to all of you here and I'm not sure how many of you are watching me but good evening and hi to adaptability. I think what we are doing right now is a very big form of adaptability. If Darwin was alive, he would have said, wow, you know, what a different change, what a different change we've brought ourselves to cope, to cope with the circumstances which are happening nowadays and what we are doing to overcome those circumstances, how we can overcome those problems and make them suit to our solutions and give ourselves solutions like has done today. I mean, not only today, but I know the Zoom has been in vogue for some time now, but actually working with it, working on it, working with it and working with all of you, it gives us more adaptability. It makes us more confident. And when you are confident, definitely you're going to win. So I think everyone has to undergo a change. If you don't change, because change is the only thing that is constant in this world. And if you don't change, because change, is inevitable. You cannot do without change in today's world. Today I heard that everything is going to close down, the demands are to be met and supplies are going to be less. So I think everyone's going to be again, you know, be in a panic state, running around, finding solutions for that. But you know what, what we need to do is be calm, patient, watch, adapt ourselves so that we can win in this situation. Thank you. over to you. Thank you so much, Rohini. Back to our controller for this meeting. The amazing and the best, Kajita, back to you. Thank you. Okay, that was an amazing table topic segment. Let us look at a timer and who will give us a timing report and I will make the poll in the The table topic participants are qualified Toastmaster Rajsekar, Toastmaster Ramkumar, Toastmaster Sandy, Toastmaster Will and Toastmaster Rohina. Now I will be launching the poll in just a few seconds. So, now I'm going to submit the poll, please get ready to vote for the best table topic speaker. And I will close the poll in five, four, three, two, one, go. three, two, one. And we have an excellent response, more than 72%. And we will declare the winner very soon. I will not share the results with you. Ha ha ha. Finally, I will hand over the podium now to our general evaluator, DTM. Manohar to run the general evaluation segment. Over to you. Good evening Toastmasters and special good evening to our Toastmaster of the day. Today we are starting the general evaluation session and as you know, we had only one speaker. First speaker and the only speaker is our district director T.M. Wafa Salman and I request our evaluator our CGD DTM Alka-Kumara to do the evaluation. Before that may request our timer to give away the timing for the evaluation. The timing for the evaluation session will be two to three minutes. At two minutes I will show the green card at two and a half minutes. the yellow card, and at three minutes, the red card. You have 30 seconds grace period. This timing is for the evaluators, as well as the grammarian. Over to general evaluator. Thank you. DTM Alkacomera, first evaluator, DTM Alkacomera. The voice is a reflection of what is going on inside us. Good evening to all the attendees, General Evaluator, Toastmaster of the Day and to my target speaker, Dithyamwafa Salman. Well, she showed to us today, through her project, how important in the way we speak. Now, I would like to ask you, why do we need variety in our vocals? Why do we need variety in our vocals? Well, for the simple reason, variety is the spice of life. The same way when we have variety in our vocals, it impacts the way we communicate with others and the reaction of others. Now, what I loved about today's speech was the introduction that she gave, first of all, about a very important or well-known pair, Bill and Hillary Clinton. How important the first impression is. Well, there she also displayed some vocal variety. And also what I loved about her speech was variety at many places. most notably at the point where she spoke about her mom. And she said a mom told her how important dressing up well was. So that was the most notable vocal variety that I saw in her speech today. Also, what I liked about her speech is the pauses, the well articulated speech, the articulation that was. shown through the pauses, especially when she spoke about speaking clearly, the importance of speaking clearly in first impression. So she spoke, we need to listen to the last letter of every word. So each of these word was well emphasized to show the importance. Now coming to a few areas where I would suggest that she can add to the. the already experienced way of speaking she has. The first is, even though there was a lot of vocal variety, I found she could have added a little more variety in the introduction, plus she could have added a few more few dialogues, especially when talking to mom and she could have showed a little more emotion there by saying something like, when the mom says dressing up well is important. No, no, no mom. it's okay I don't care much so that's the way to show a little more vocal variety and a few emotions as well now coming to one more important aspect of vocal variety which is the rate the rate of speech that I found was not much varied it was more or less flat so if the rate of speech is a little up and down it is more made more varied and exciting it would add more flavor to the speech overall a wonderful speech about creating a first impression how to keep maintaining it and how to add vocal variety to the speech but a few more few points that i suggested and the speech would be a great one over to you general evaluator Thank you very much, CGD and evaluator. Thank you very much. And our next role player and evaluator is our grammarian, DTM Ramkumar Nachpalli. He will also be giving the A Good evening, all. Once again, I welcome you all. Good evening. Thank you. Well, it was a very noteworthy grammarian report I would like to give you today. Inevitable word has been used by Toastmaster Kajetan. This... Director, DTM Wafaa Salman in her speech, Toastmaster, Rohina Tanvir, and of course, DTM Ramkumar too. Now, I was expecting that since we have a lot of table topics and good momentum going on, I was expecting that more people could have used the word of the day. However, it was also used by. Toastmaster Willy. Now coming to what are the words we use today. As a speaker Wafa Salman, she has enthralled her with the beautiful uses of the words such as given a first impression, itself starting memorable, charming smile, admire, perception, impression and the quotes. I have noted, and it caught my attention, was a picture is worth a thousand words. A picture is worth a thousand words. This was the quote used in her speech by Wafaa Salman. And one of the phrases of the quote, words, it caught my attention, was dress to impress, keep charming smile. Speak clearly. and slowly, what a wonderful message she has given, and speak with wisdom. Now Toastmaster will, I use the word which caught my attention was, adopt and seek to change. Have a strong will, power to adopt. Now, coming to the table topics, many of them used very well. One of the things... I was impressed with none of them used though I'm coming to the R counting now no not a single person have repeated the words like so but or some filler words like none other than our presenter today, the Toastmaster of the day, the Toastmaster Kettering. He used... Okay, we seem to have some technical difficulties and maybe... he was trying to correct me and the system decided that I cannot be corrected. Okay back to you general evaluator. Thank you very much moderator and team only. As a general evaluator my evaluation for today's meeting first of all the meeting was very good let's all give a big applause to our district as well as the moderator for doing it Great job, excellent. The training was there from six to seven and he made it sure, although it was over at 5.40, he made it sure that all the doubts can be cleared. At seven, the meeting started sharply, the demo meeting. So that's a great point to be noted. And we had a great Sergeant Adams who started the meeting very well. The only thing we did not have is a banner, that's okay. But coming to the meeting, just. The first speaker, our first speech was a first impression, very good. She started with a beautiful message, not a message, a thing which we have to appreciate, presence of mind. She said, all my 61 evaluators, wow, she noted that before intimating, I mean before going to our speech. And I would also like to add that our speech was very good, she gave all the three points. And recapitulated that at the end, which is the great thing. Coming to table topic session, there are excellent, lovely topics given by our table topics master, first master Najima. And we appreciate moderator again, as he knew that the timing was going on, he made sure it was curtailed by five Matlab without having the last speaker. So great time management. And our timer, you did a great job very fast Prasila, a great job Prasila, only one thing I would like to suggest is the yellow card is not seen clearly in that light, maybe you should have a different, just for improvement for next time. Otherwise the meeting was very good. Coming to the evaluation, our evaluator G.T.M. Alkacomber, our C.G.D. did a great evaluation and gray meridian for the first time. is made it within the time frame as well as the encounter role, however I would like to mention that both Raj and Raj used the word of the day twice and Rohaina used the word of the day once which is, I mean maybe you must have not seen it, overall the meeting was excellent, it's a great experience, inevitable that we have to go into this type of meeting, however we enjoyed it, it's really good to see even now, we have so many participants now. At the closure, we have 42 participants. That shows the meeting has been very successful. And gurus to the district, especially double support to our moderator, as well as to the co-host. We are forgetting the co-host, who has done a great job. My evaluation is over. I leave it to the, I hand it over to our moderator and goes faster. Thank you very much. Thank you. And so that for you all was a sample of what an online meeting would look like. So now we have the tools, you know what has to be done, all of you all are supposed to be the next level now who will take up this role to your own clubs and say, okay, I'm going to make a meeting, make a Zoom account or borrow my account. ask district to make one zoom account for you. Plan a meeting. Execute it. Maybe you might still struggle for some things. How do I do that? A gadgeton did it like this. The whatsapp group will be kept open for some time for you all to discuss your issues because as you know I am not the only person. There are some experts also in the same group. They will also share some ideas with you. Feel free to use this group to learn more, get more tips, plan your meetings, execute them, most importantly share your experiences with us. What is it that you have done? What do you think you did well? What do you think you can improve upon? And till the government tells us otherwise, I wish you all the best in online meeting management. And now I will hand over the podium. to a district director to keep an impression, do some wrap-up on this meeting, and close exactly as scheduled at 8 o'clock. Thank you very much, Toastmasters of the evening, and I'm so happy that till the end, there are 42 members out there. It was an amazing meeting. It was a good experience for me. I attended several meetings in Europe and U.S. online, but the attendees were like maximum 20, 60, something like that, so it's a different experience. I'm so happy that we are all enthusiastic on keeping our Toastmasters meeting running regardless of any case. The most important, safety comes first. That's the most important for us. I want you to be safe. Don't go out unless it's urgent to go out. Stay home, stay safe. And if there is anything we need, we are connected to each other through groups. This is what's called the Toastmasters family. And we are a family. I want all of you to depend on each other, ask for help if we need. The meeting was amazing, it was organized. From the beginning till the end. was followed by the agenda. And if you notice that the table topics took a little bit time, the Toastmaster of the evening control that and put everything on track. Because of this, we are trying to end of time. I saw that this meeting is a professional meeting and I'm sure that if you run it in your club, it will help members to stay connected and I hope it will be short and we will be back to all. normal Toastmasters meeting that we all love to enjoy and be there. So that's it in brief. I enjoyed it and thank you Kasia and the co-host for the technically running that show and taking our wish and make it a reality. I'm so happy and chapuba thank you very much. Thank you. And there is one final thing to be done and that is to announce the best table-topic speaker and notice that I did not share the whole of the best table-topic speaker because if you do that, then it doesn't have that same feeling of Toastmaster meeting. So the Toastmaster of the day, because I ran the poll, it is my privilege then to announce the best table-topic speaker. this case of course the best speaker was only one so my default best speaker is DTM buffer but the best tabletop yes with a very high percentage of polling and very good competition from all of them please give a big round of applause to Rohaina for the best tabletop and with that I conclude the meeting I will keep it open for another one or two minutes, if anybody has any questions. Thank you very much. Okay. Anybody? Yes, Murali. Yeah, I just would like to, I mean, this is not part of the meeting, but I would like to Because people, please put your name in the tag, not iPhone, Dell, all those things, because we would like to know your name. So please avoid putting iPhone, Dell, whatever it is, it's just a request. So that we can know you, who is the person, thank you. And with that... Thank you very much. Good night and happy online meeting.