Good evening, good evening fellow Toastmasters and dignitaries. Welcome to our Zoom online training and demo meeting. I will begin with reading the district mission. We build new clubs and support all clubs in achieving excellence. Thank you for the Zoom meeting. Moderator. If you need to speak, please click on the range your hand, icon, on your screens, and the moderator will mute if necessary. Also appreciate your seated in a quiet room, free from disturbance, and connected to the internet. With a power bank to charge your mobile, assuming you are at home or at place of work, you would know the entry and exit and where the washrooms are located. In the event of the fire, please run out of the premises, leaving behind your phone, laptop, PC, whatever you're using to connect through this through. to this meeting. With this, I hand over to the trainer, Toastmaster of the day, Toastmaster, the editor. Thank you for a sergeant of arms. And my better half, Toastmaster Priscilla, who is open this meeting and who has done a lot of the groundwork for today's meeting. So please, I'll be around if I close to her. Now. The person who made this meeting possible, obviously, is a district director, T.J. and Baffa Saliman, who initiated, who came up with this idea saying, can't you, we need to do something? And so, who better to start this meeting than a district director? Good evening, everybody. And welcome to our new era. which is the online meeting. I send an email to TI to take permission for our district to make online meeting. And I will forward the email for you to make sure that we are allowed to do online meeting in your club. But before doing that, we need to know there are tips and techniques to do online meeting. It's my pleasure to be with you, practice this online meeting and commit. with all leaders, most of the leaders in our district. However, when Alka came back from London, she said, they are doing online meeting there, we need to do something. The first person comes to my mind is Kajibah and I met him, talked to him and we set up this. Hope, this will be a event. meeting is done, we will share the video recording to all district members. Whoever attended or not attended, besides, we're gonna do another session just in Arabic. So we have the hack-up that had the Arabic club first, D.T. Amuna, will do the translation for the presentation and we will do everything the same but in Arabic version for the people who speak in Arabic. Back to... the moderator or the tossmaster of the evening. Catch you then and thank you. I return the floor back to you, so you need to unmute yourself and I'm muting myself. Thank you, thank you, DTM Baffa district director and our next speaker was supposed to be DTM Mohammed Salima, PQD, but I have reached out to him and he told me he will join a little later on. So, when he does come, I will ask him to address all of their attendees. Next, we have our club group director, DTM Alka Comra. and I would now hand over the mic to her, but because there are so many people here, I have to locate her. It's quite a nice screen that I can see in front of me, it can occur. Okay, I found you. Please proceed. Good evening, District Director Wafa. Good evening, Adi Kajitin. And to all the attendees here, it's a real pleasure to see this actually happening, a thing that I was hoping to have ever since I spoke to DeeDee about it because I was really concerned by the meetings being canceled. It's a real challenge for us. It's really understandable that meetings are canceled. But we cannot stop the journey of Toastmasters. And we being Toastmasters. are much more hardier, hardy than the virus. I'm sure. So this is what I wanted to happen. And we have had a couple of meetings that have already happened, which challenges ASSP and a couple in and also aura history and also a few in Bahrain. So this gives me a real pleasure that this training comes at an opportune time and more. more clubs will be doing that so that we continue to reap the benefits of Toastmasters. Our membership does not in any way go waste. So we continue with our renewals because this is a crucial time when we are going through renewals and I have come across members saying perhaps what's the use of renewing but members we know this is a temporary phase and online meetings are a real exciting thing to do. So, I really appreciate Dee Dee Waffa for taking this initiative for Edie Cajden to really bring this to actual, we are really starting with it. So thanks to you for that and I hope more and more clubs will follow and we will continue to have our online meetings till we are through the challenge. Back to you, those must... Thank you, DTM Alka for that, and now we will move into the actual tutorial, the Zoom tutorial. But for me, the Zoom tutorial is not really about the technical part of it, I will cover that, but how do we run a meeting? First of all, If you ask me, is virtual meeting better than a real meeting? Of course not. But if you ask me, is it better to have a meeting or not have a meeting at all, then of course the answer becomes, yes, we have to have a meeting. And I strongly believe that if we really want to develop, and we want to do this virtual meeting, still the crisis is... over and the government tells us it's okay you can start having social gatherings till then we can continue having our online meetings but to get the best out of it we should do the meeting in the best possible way. So rather than just focusing on the technical part of it I would address a certain thing here today like how can this meeting be productive and at seven o'clock we will start a demo meeting. and we'll see how it is. The first thing I would like to address and these are my five points and please see if you can incorporate these five points as we start this meeting. First of all the sergeant of arms has already mentioned quite wrong without any distraction because think of it as coming for a meeting even though you are sitting at home. Think of it as actually attending a toast-master meeting and what do we do with that? We switch up. of our phones. So, the same rule applies. Please put it on silent mode so it does get distracted. There is no as far as possible, as far as possible, maybe close the room so that the cat doesn't come and jump on top of you. And it would then at the end of the day, distract the speaker. So, try to imagine this to be a actual meeting. And that way, it- would then give us the same benefits of a meeting. The second thing you need to try to do is try to be in a well-lit environment because at the end of the day when we are speaking, we want to see you. And so some of you all have switched off your video, for example. No, the speaker would want to see when he makes a joke, for example, are you laughing? But if I see all black dots, what do I know? Is it working? What doesn't work? is not working. So the interaction to make it as a real meeting you need to be with video on with a valid environment. I would ideally assume that would expect at least you all if you're all are going to conduct this meeting for your members use a laptop because first of all the video will be very stable it will not be distracting. But if you're holding a phone in front of you, and it's shaking all the time, then it does get distracting. But if you just keep it in a stable area, then I can see all of you are moving around your face, your smiling. That's great. That's the type of experience we should create. Try to create that club experience. What do you, is... very important. So when I speak, it shouldn't come teeny voice. It should come clear. And especially if you are a speaker, for example, you need to be clear. The audience should be able to hear you. The value to should be able to hear you. And so a small investment, for example, in a headset with probably a microphone would be a good investment. And they won't cost too much of you, KDI, I guess, in much. In my case, I'm using a conference system. So I'm only using the headphone for the voice, but my camera and my audio is being captured by a professional system. But a simple headset with a microphone would be good enough. If you are using, for example, a mobile, maybe invest in Bluetooth headsets so that you can hear clearly and your voice also will be very audible to the audience. And finally, the angle of the camera. Try to keep the camera at the same angle as your face. And I see most of you will have that. Some of you are keeping it down. And then I look at your face, and it looks a bit scary. So try to keep the angle of the camera at the same level as your face. So it looks flattery. You have one minute to adjust yourself. because I want to see all of y'all, I want to see you in a good light, because our speakers, when they deliver, will also want to see y'all as much as possible. And one of the reasons, and it really looks lovely here, because I'm using a big 27-inch monitor, I can see all the speakers in one screen can imagine and I take a screenshot of it, so I can share it, and I was hoping that everyone's video is on, it would look even better. Some of you are less still. disabled your video. But that's fine. So we have this few tips on the etiquette of a Toastmaster meeting. Because here we are not talking about a Zoom meeting. We are talking about the etiquette of a Toastmaster meeting. Quite true. Well it. Good audio. Keep it stable. And now we are in- actually be part of a toast master meeting. If you are using a phone, one suggestion I would have is, you know, this very cheap tripods that we get with a phone holder. If you put, keep that in front of your face, you know, then it is as good as what I am doing. If the quality of a phone is good enough, so you then be part of it. Very clear, both audio as well. village video. Now, the question which comes is, why soon? DTM wafar asks me, why don't we use, for example, go to web? There have been a one of the quite famous tool used for holding meetings. And the reason why all tools master, especially use zone is because it is meant with a meeting in mind. It's not meant with the training in mind. So if I was just going to do training today, I would have preferred go to webinar for example because it allows me to train thousands of people. I could have invited people from all over the world. But I wanted your experience also the meeting. And webinar is not a good tool to run meetings because, as I said, I want to... to see your face. I want to see who's paying attention to me who is enjoying what I'm saying because I can see all your faces. You all can see other faces. So the video aspect of it is very important and this is what Zoom does really well. So all of you, those of you who don't have a Zoom account at the end of this meeting will go to www.zoom.com and sign up for an account. By the way, if you have a note pad to make a note of all of this, because I will be sharing a PowerPoint with all of this information, but the thing is, you need to have a Zoom account so that you can create your own meeting, so that's www.zoom.com and create a free account and then download the software so that you can start running the meetings. Because if you want to... run your own meeting, you need to do it from the computer. You need to set it up from a laptop or a computer because there are so many settings that have to be done, which are done best on a web browser only on a big screen. And also, when you're running the meeting, you need to see all the attendees, which you will be finding it very difficult if you were doing it on a mobile. So your members were signing up, joining the meeting. They can, of course, use a mobile, but you who are running the- meeting should do it from your laptop or computer, whatever is you have it for. So that's part of the process of why we are using zone. And how we can use zone to run a postmaster meeting. Now the question is, is zone three? The answer is yes and no. You can use a free account of zone. But with a free account. we are limited to 40 minutes of meeting only and that means it is not suitable for toast master meeting because we want to do a meeting that is longer than 40 minutes. Which begs the question then how much does it cost if I want to run a real toast master meeting? The answer is 5 kd per month. So that's the subscription that you need to pay and it depends now because we are not. not really doing this for a long period. You may be doing it for the next one, meeting maximum two meetings. So is it worth the investment? Maybe you can subscribe only for one month and then cancel the subscription. This is one way. Or you could probably share subscription like mine, for example, I could share mine with any club that wants to run a meeting and it is not conflicting with anything that I'm doing. And I usually don't do much with some. So feel free to use my car. to run your meeting, do it as a test. And see, because I don't recommend using the free version for a Toastmaster meeting, you are free to do that, like create a free account and try, let's say, a X-com meeting. One good way, advantage of it is you're sure it will finish in 40 minutes. So you have to rush and complete your X-com meeting. So it won't drag on. you can just try a video conferencing between few members to discuss some issues of the club. It's very good to do that. But if you want really a Toastmaster meeting, I recommend a pro account which costs $5.50, which is around $15 per month. So now I have a pro account. I have a zoom account and I will now show you how we can schedule a meeting. It's very simple. It will take us only five minutes. So, at the end of this session, go sign up for Zoom, read a free account and create the meeting as I show you now. And I will be not focusing on each and every technical aspect of Zoom. Zoom can be used for so many things. I will only tell you what is required to run a Toastmaster meeting because that's the focus today. Before that, the screen looks so beautiful, let me take one more screenshot. We can post this to beautiful beautiful. We'll post this to not restrict the official Toastmaster group. So now I will switch to my screen. And let's go to zoom.com. So it's zoom.com. Please do your fingers if you can see. my screen. So I already have an account. And as you can see, this is the meeting which currently in progress. I have also scheduled the meeting on. Friday to operate horizons. So that will be also online. And I guess right horizon stream will be sharing the links with y'all. So if you want to try another real toss master meeting, which is happening very soon, you'll have more than welcome to join that meeting too. So what do we need to do to schedule a new meeting? Nothing much. You just scheduled a new meeting. and even waiting name. So let's say we are planning something for which I'll just so on in number one for example. I don't know what's the number online we'll take. So I give a topic and a description I'll choose the date when I We are going to do it on 16th at 6 o'clock for 2 hours and this is, as I said, if you want to do it to our meeting, you need a pro account. Now, very few things you need to keep in mind, first of all, registration, is it required or not forward? Those master meetings, I don't recommend and even for this particular meeting, I have made it as no registration required. If I say registration required, then obviously you have to have a Zoom account, you have to register for that meeting and only those people and it becomes more complicated. The second part is, how, what meeting ID do you want to give? So when you have a pro account, count. You have two options. So you have a fixed meeting ID, which you can use any time. And the second option is you have a new meeting ID every time. And for those master meetings, you must have a new meeting ID every time. Why is that? Because for every meeting that you create, you can have different polls, different results, who was a best speaker. So what will happen is they will be all kept separately under different meeting ID. So for those master meetings. the system generate for you a new meeting idea every time. Do you need a password? I don't recommend. It becomes additional hassle to manage passwords, sharing passwords. For more complicated meetings you may want to choose passwords but for Toastmasters I don't recommend. Then what about the video when a host when a member joins, let's say when for the host, When he joins the meeting, do you want the video on or off? This is very simple. You can leave it on or if it doesn't matter because it can be always changed at any time. So I have kept it off, but as you can see, you can switch it on if you want. The other part I would like to keep with the note is the audio. Normally, you can use your mobile phone audio or your laptop audio, which is the computer audio. But Zoom also gives an option to dial in, especially if you're in US and although you can dial in for the audio, you can choose. I don't think they support for it. So that's why I force always to be computer audio. So whatever would you have? If a mobile phone, you have a laptop, you will use that audio only. And it works fine for me. A few more options that we can take here is that do you want to join before the host. So if you are the Toastmaster of the day, and if you are late, should the members wait for you to join into the meeting room? So if you click here, it means they can directly come into the meeting room. If you remove it off, it means you must wait for the Toastmaster of the day or whoever is running this meeting to come and admit you into the room. In this particular meeting, I have said, actually it doesn't matter for me, but... So you can choose. I would advise to keep enable on because any member if he's early also, you can come for the meeting. He will find the meeting room ready for you. Mute participants on entry definitely because what will happen is speaker is giving a speech and suddenly a new member joins and his audio is on. What will happen? It will distract the speaker. So when you say mute participants on entry. When they join the meeting by default, the microphone will be switched off. Nobody can. We can see their face or if the video is on, but we won't be able to hear them, which is good. Do you want to enable the waiting room? A waiting room is also a good idea to keep, especially in the Toastmaster meeting. I'll tell you why. Again, if the speaker is speaking, and remember decide to join the meeting suddenly his face will pop up on the screen and maybe the speaker will get distracted so what the toast master of the day or the person controlling the meeting will too is he'll enable the waiting room so during the speech the waiting room will all the people who are coming they will be kept in the waiting room so imagine if it is in a a smart meeting the sergeant of arms is blocking the door not letting the people come in in the speech is over. It's like that. The once the speech is over, the toast must of the baking chuck. If there are any members waiting in the waiting room and then bring them in. And this is what I am doing by the way right now. I have an able waiting room so that if any member comes, I first look at it and then admit. So what will happen when Vafah, our district director is giving a speech, I will make sure that people are not brought into the meeting when the speech is going on, when and if... valuation is going on. They'll be in the waiting room and then they'll be brought in, say. And the last thing is do you want to record the meeting? It's up to you if you want to share the meeting with others and whether authenticated users only can join. If you say authenticated users, that means all of them must have a Zoom account. Now many of you don't have a Zoom account. So if I had enabled this it would have become more complicated. So if I just Scroll to the options, let's go back, meeting a description, the date, the duration, no registration required, generate the ID automatically, no password required, here it really doesn't matter, computer audio, allow the join before the host, mute participants on entry enable the waiting room, and the rest can be up to you. So that's it. I have created the, if I click save, I have now created a schedule meeting. So now what I can do is I can take this link and I can share it with my club members saying this is your link for the meeting on so until date and that's it. You have your your meeting. Simple. Now, before I move ahead, I just want to see I see a lot of people in the, let me stop the sharing. Wow, we have what 72 participants. Let's run the pole and see who's here. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to run a pole now and share the. results with you. So first all I have is, what's your experience using zone? Write yourself. Are you an expert? This is your first time. Please accept my apologies that I won't be able to monitor the chat because I can't do too. I'm not that much of a multitasking guy. So I will look at the chat maybe later on and then maybe post responses in the WhatsApp group. So we have a good amount of responses and I will end the polling in three, two, one. So as you can see, we have some first timers, some who have attended Zoom meetings, some have conducted with things and we have two experts, which is right, we can share from each other. and I understand okay I'll do one more hole because I want to know where I Yeah, quit is winning. I'm happy this is so many of members of my talkmasters from Byron joining us. Excellent. I will close the poll in three, two, one. So as we can see, we have people who have attended this meeting for the first time. So for them, it might be a little overwhelming to go to the Zoom and create a meeting from scratch. That's why I have created a WhatsApp group. I want you all, if you're really interested in doing your own Zoom meetings, as I said, go to Zoom.com. Create a new Zoom.com. account. Follow the instructions that I have shared and I'll be sharing the PowerPoint also in the WhatsApp group. Create the meeting. Maybe in the initial stage, just have a meeting with two or three people. Then you can practice for your actual Toastmaster meeting, make a trial run with your XCOM maybe, see how it works. And then you can do the actual Toastmaster Now we move into the controls related to like how did I create this poll how did I share the poll with y'all and how could you do so you could use a poll like this for example in a Toastmaster meeting for choosing the best speaker or the best able topic best role player. So now you have one role less required in Toastmaster meetings you don't need a word counter correct because the toastmaster of the day will create the polls. And once the speaking segment is over, launch the poll, and that's it. You know, you know, it was the best speaker and we will do that for the back. They will talk it by the way today. Now comes, once the meeting is started, so basically that I have started created this meeting, whenever you are ready to start. the meeting, I will share my screen once again. So I have created this meeting with all these parameters. And if I want to, if I know all the speakers in advance, for example, I could create the poll also at the same time. So how do I do that? I can say, add a one. So, for this meeting that I have just created, I will say, for example, best speaker. So let's say please choose the best speaker. Let's say, the M. Colerichi, E. T. M. What's the mind, okay, the M. And. But for example, so you can keep this false. The saved in advance so that when the meeting segment is over, you don't waste the time creating the poll during the meeting time. The polls are already ready. You're up and running when it is time to deliver the select the right, let's speak up and all it requires them is to say start the meeting. Once you start the meeting, it will... open the zoom meeting that I am running now. Of course, I can't start this meeting because I'm already running one meeting. If I do that, my whole current meeting will sort of go for a toss. So, all you have to do is click start meeting and it will, it will start the new meeting for you. But now since I'm already running the meeting, what I want to explain to you is how do you control this meeting? How am I making sure that the speaker is not getting distracted? making sure that the focus of the meeting remains on one person. So the first thing that we need to understand is how we can mute and unmute people. And so when you are the host, and especially, again, the command that you should do this from a laptop or a computer is a new host. And if you open the Zoom meeting, you will have all the controls required to run the meeting. And the first thing important that we should do is mute and unmute. So I'm not going to I cannot show you my zoom screen because it will become like a zoom inception because screen inside the screen. But what happens is you have a simple option there called mute all but that's fine muting all everyone understand it will mute everybody except mute but the important control that is there is when you do mute all there is another option they're called allow participants to unmute themselves and the question is should I allow participants to unmute themselves? Who thinks we should allow participants to unmute themselves? Anybody? No, right? Don't let the participants unmute us because they might do it by mistake and what if the speaker are speaking? He will get distracted. So the important thing when you're muting everybody is to make sure that participants won't be allowed to unmute themself. So that's the first control as a toast master of the day or the person who's running this meeting and my recommendation is again the toast master of the day is the person who's running the meeting who's organizing it making sure all the members have the right meeting link and they come in time and so forth. So he will handle the muting and unmuting. second part is should you record the meeting and we have two options available for you. You can record on your computer or you can record it on the cloud. The difference is of course if you start recording on the cloud that is on the zoom servers then they will start counting how much space you are occupying and then there will be a limit. I am not very sure what my limit may be once you are pretty duty. But once then you have to start paying. So I prefer to record on my PC. And then I simply upload it to YouTube because YouTube is free and I can share it with everybody. Okay, so what you can choose. You can say I want to record my meeting on the cloud or on the thing or don't be quite at out because it's up to you. It's up to the club members. Maybe they don't want to share their meeting with the rest of the people. It's the club decision. And the second thing and if you notice I keep on shifting my eyes because I am checking if new members are joining in because they will not directly come into the meeting room, they will be in the lobby. So I have to keep admitting them from the lobby as and when they come because in my meeting control I have said enable painting room. So once you enable it whenever a member logs them you will not come directly into this meeting, somebody the Toastmaster of the day or the control has to admit him into the meeting room. So, very simple control for the Toastmaster of the day, muting and then whenever you want to unmute them, let's try this. Why not? Let me unmute everybody and see what kind of any that we get when I do that. And that is probably you will do it during the break times so people could say hi to each other and of course there won't be this many people in most meetings but that's how you will do it. But when it comes to controlling who will speak the idea is that you should unmute one person at a time who's going to deliver the next speech. And... Once he finishes, mute him again. Also, there are different views of the meeting. So there is something called a speaker view and there is something called a gallery view. I don't know whether you can see it because when you switch to a speaker view, the person speaking takes up your whole screen. When you switch to the gallery view, then all those speakers will be visible. Now, for me, if I am delivering my speech, I will always keep the gallery view because I want to monitor, I don't want to see my face, right? I want to see what effect I am having on the other people. But if you're an audience member, you might prefer to use the speaker view because you want to see the screen what the person is saying clearly and so that you can give feedback to the person. Is that clear? the gallery view and the speaker view. Speaker view should be for audience and the gallery view ideally should be when the speaker is delivering his speech. And so the speaker is please note today when the team of a fire giving a speech, switch to gallery view so you can see all of us and trolled with your speech. So, the next part is come through the sharing of the screen and of course, there will be a control for you to share and again as a meeting controller you can decide whether anybody in the audience can share or only I can share for this particular meeting the sharing for you will be disabled because I have made sure that only the host can share not attend this but again it is a control that is available for you. And the polls, I have already shown you how to create a poll. It's a very simple thing. And the poll can be modified also. Suppose let's say you had created a poll as we saw for three speakers and while the meeting started we realized that fluffa has dropped out. She had some very busy meeting somewhere. So I can just go to the polls and then say modify the poll and edit it. It will take me back to that same. screen that I had created, where I can remove her name, and then launch the pole after the speakers have completed their segment. And the last thing is the chat. Some of you might have seen the chat where you can share messages while the meeting is going on. And this could be used from a Toastmaster perspective to keep fit, but after the speaker has... we used to write the chips right now there is no chips is which what you are so you can then write a message as a feedback to the speaker because you have two ways of delivering feedback you can when you're writing the message you can say this message is for this particular person only so it's like a private message only that person will say or you can say it's for everyone so the whole group can say it so chat could be used most as far as the toast master instance meeting is constant to provide feedback by the audience to the speaker or to the table topics. Anything that happened you want to give feedback you could use this option. So I'll just summarize what are the things that we will be you have to do to run the meeting properly. You have to have a good understanding of muting and unmuteing. It will hardly take you any time to get kind of that once you create a meeting. decide whether you want to record the meeting or not then keep an eye on the lobby if you have enabled the lobby so that and then members come you and bring them inside the meeting room. The speaker view and the gallery view I hope you'll have understood when to use what share the screen when so if the speaker for example this brings me to question of sharing screen. What if you want to deliver a project like research and presentation where you have to deliver a PowerPoint? So the easiest way of course would be to load the PowerPoint, use the share option and show the PowerPoint to the audience. But then what about you? Where are you in this picture? You'll be a small box right somewhere in the screen. So that is something you have to decide as a speaker. Is it worth to use a PowerPoint? Because the focus goes away from you. Your PowerPoint becomes the presentation not you. So that is one of the challenges of Zoom meeting because you have to choose one or the other. So if you have somebody's search, number is awesome. things to be shown, perhaps you could only show it at the time that is required, share the screen, and then stop sharing so that the focus again moves back to you for delivering your speech. Polls run a poll to select the best speaker or whatever. And you are ready to hold your first source master meeting. Now before we do our demo. I would now open the floor, we have 10 minutes for any Q&A related to what I have spoken. So the way it will work is you can either raise your hands if you're on video, I can see you. And so I missed Dimish as... I'm having this 1 minute. I can't see the initial audio controls. There is some problem I think for you. And let me search for you. Okay. unmute. Okay, Demesh, you have a question. Please proceed. Yeah, good evening to Allah. Thank the fellow postmasters and the moderator and the area director, division director, Allah. Very short, as you said, told me about the sharing the screen as I am joining the meeting on the mobile, not the laptop. So if I share the screen or anyone of the share the screen, whatever I can see the window that will be only share, I will go to full-party ship industry. No, what? Whatever you share will become the main screen on this whatever the zoom meeting it will take up almost the whole thing and on top you will see the participants in small boxes ok. The sharing basically takes over the entire screen so that is why as far as the toast master meeting is concerned I highly discourage sharing screens. Because here we are toast master meeting we are here to develop a skills talking skills You know, communication skills. The focus should be only on communication. Thank you. I reached Jaffa. You had raised your hands, so I'm handing the mic to you. Hi, I was talking to my mom. Bye. Anybody else has a question? I'm trying to see and okay, okay. And where? You're on, and where? My question was, I saw this interesting feature of how you created the pool. But how do you post it? So you shared with us how you created it. But how do you share it while in a meeting? Okay, so again, I can't show the screenshot. But when I show you the PowerPoint, you'll find it. it there. Basically, once you open the screen, the zoom meeting, there is a small button which is full. When you click on that poll button, whatever polls you had created in that previous screen, which I showed you, they will pop up and you just choose one of them. So if you had created two or three polls, it will give you an option which poll do you want to run. And then it will appear on the screen of the attendees. Okay. And the same thing with the lobby, I think you would be able to see. The waiting room, right? All right. Of course, you can have something called a co-host. So as a backup, if something went wrong here, I have made Priscilla as a co-host. So if I find some technical problem, she would be able to then monitor and accept the people. Thank you. Thank you for those insightful questions. Anybody else? Okay. Thank you for your attention. question you mentioned about you would have to buy the membership part just a clarification. So I think the the ones as you for example, if you're conducting a meeting, I think that's quite important that you would have to buy also the participant all the participants of a network. No, so participants it is free. They can log in from the phone any device. Nobody the participants don't have to pay. only the meeting host has to pay for it. So, normally that would be the club, right? The club would, which is it, or maybe couple of clubs will share because they can share because not all clubs meet at the same time. So, one day, one club can use that ID. The next day, another, maybe the district can share with us, for them $15 is nothing. Exactly. And of course, I have offered my ID for you, whoever needs just to message me. and you're the other three who is it. Perfect. Thanks a lot. Thank you. And checking anybody else is a question. I'm really, you raised your hands. Go ahead. I will similar to the session session session. Please. Your two devices are always causing problems. OK. Hello. Yes, please proceed, hello, yeah, you're using two devices next to each other and I'm just coming out. Okay, you can conduct like this for a moment, I do now, every day a meeting can be conducted just a solid feature, what 24 hours you can conduct, that means one morning, one one night and do it for all 20 or 30 days no problem okay thank no limits anybody else has a question if not we will start okay as Sandy how do you can you hear me yes okay great My question is, you said we could share it to the members, but what do we do, how do we share this for non members, like if we want to publicize the meeting? You have to decide if, for example, guest and this is by the recently a discussion in the official group also. Isn't good thing to add. So let's say bring guest to an online meeting like this and it's a decision you have to take because will he get the same experience? Because he may say, oh, I can pay a few dollars and enroll into one of the public speaking courses that I available. What do I get? And he may lose a potential guest that is this possibility because he may not get that good experience. And He's not conducted at the highest standards for example. And you don't have a team or like me to run the meeting. And let's say there's a lot of disturbance and he might get a bad impression, which he would not get if he comes to club and experiences it. So really the choice is yours, but if you decide for a guest to join, find just take the same link and tell him join from your phone or whatever. It's the same thing. It doesn't matter. He'll come as a guest. Because it's, I mean, like the news just came that they're going to do a come up. complete shutdown. And so I can imagine that we might be using this forum for at least two weeks, probably a month or maybe even more, depending on how the situation progresses. So inshaAllah will all get pretty good at this. Yeah, that's why we're here so that we get good at it. Thank you very much. Anybody else want any questions? And we are right. We can take maybe maximum one question and then we will start with a demo meeting. So now you're not going to experience what a meeting will actually feel like. And then what you can do. is take this learning and try to simulate it and make it exactly like that in your meeting. And so that would show you how you will introduce the speakers. And so I will be controlling the meeting. So when I introduce somebody, you will notice that I will be unmuting only that person as I have done now during the conversation. So that ensures that the meeting remains clean. Everyone can focus on what is being said. and we are ready. So, are we already to start the meeting? The demo meeting? I would advise as many as possible to enable your video now. Because if our speakers are talking to friends, they may not feel so enthusiastic about delivering their speeches. So let me, before I start the meeting, let us check the agenda and I will enable my I'm supposed to just make sure I'm OK. Can I just review the agenda? Timer, can you your ideas your timer on? Generally, why don't you, Timer, really? Everything looks OK. I can see your wrist hand, grammillion and account. Where can I see Ramkumar? He is not, his video is not on. But is he available? Can he see it? He is there, he is on. Not to believe Ramkumar. If not, somebody please raise your hand. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Okay. Do you see I'm around? Yes. I can hear you. Okay. And but I can't see you. I cannot see you. What should I, what should you advise? I cannot see my video. Click on the screen. You will find. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Anyway, what as long as you are there, you are supposed to be general Grammarian. Fine. We can manage without looking at it. And now, the demo, I hope she's still here. Yes, okay. And a beautiful, table topic master, Najwa. I can see her concentrating on a table topics. So we are expecting an amazing meeting. Okay. Okay. I will start by introducing how this meeting will go. Since we have already done the opening segment of the Sajender arms and the district directors at Res, which would be the president at Res in a normal meeting, I will start with the role players, those who will make this meeting a success. And our first role player is the timer. And this is something different because how do you know who's the timer? How do you keep track of your time? Perhaps our timer will explain this role to us. Good evening, fellow Toastmasters. Today is I am the timer at this Zoom meeting. Everything will proceed as normal. I will show the respective cards at qualifying time I will show the green card. Is it visible? Yes. Thank you. That midway, the yellow card. and at maximum time, the red card. You will have 30 seconds of grace period to complete your speech for your evaluation. We have one speaker, one speech five to seven minutes. I will show the cards accordingly. Table topics will be one to two minutes. At one minute, I will show the green card. At one point, one and a half minute, the yellow card and at two minutes, the red card. Evaluations will be from two to three minutes at two minutes. The green card at two and a half minutes, the yellow card, and at three minutes, the red card. 30 seconds, Grace. Thank you. Look for me on the screen. Yes, and that's the important thing. The person who's delivering this speech must make sure that you scroll to the... gallery view and make sure the timer is one of the person that you're observing. Okay, so make sure that if you're in a gallery mode that you have identified the timer and then you can start your speech on. Our general evaluator is DTM, virally, shall I unmute you? Yes. Good evening, Toastmasters. I'm very happy to be part of this meeting as a general evaluator. As a general evaluator, I'll see how the meeting goes from beginning to the end. And when my session comes along with my team of evaluators, I'll be having my session. How about the Toastmasters to be scheduled? Thank you. And a final role player is a grammarian. And also, hopefully, the ass. counter PTM Ramkumar. The floor is yours. Hi, good evening. Can you hear me? Yes. Mr. Toastmaster, Kajitin Barito, distinguished dignitaries, fellow Toastmasters and guests. As a comedian, it is my responsibility to play close attention to all speakers, listening carefully to their language. usage. I'll take a note of any improper language as well as any outstanding words, quotes, sayings, or thoughts used during the meeting. As a grammarian it is also my duty to introduce the word of the day. So let me introduce the word of the day today as mentioned in the agenda already, the word. of the day today being used is inevitable, which means something that is certain to happen which is unavoidable. For example, inevitable is death, incapable of being avoided or evaded. It can be adjective. or noun. As a noun, I can say that a situation that is unavoidable or some other example I would like to bring to you is I did not think that decision taken versus inevitable. It is inevitable that someone will try to offer better training. So urge everyone to use the word of the day today is inevitable. in your role while you deliver your speech. I encourage all speakers to use the word of the day. I will give the Grammyian report when called upon during the meeting and also report on the usage of the word at the end of the meeting. Now, additional to that, I have a role of our counter. Again, beating. everyone. The purpose and key role of our counter is to note words and sounds that are used as crutch words or pause filler words, whether it's of anyone who speaks today this evening. I will listen for the overused words, including and well-burt. and you know, you know, repeated words. I've also listened for the filler words, including not er, yes. I will also note when a speaker repeats a word or phrase as I, or this means, this means repeated words. And I will submit my icon to report at the end of the material. I'll report the number of times that each speaker used these expressions. Thank you, Toastmaster of the day. Back to you. Thank you, DTM Ram for explaining your role to us. Now comes the poster is the stars. The first, not only a demo meet. but speech delivered by none other than our district director and who will evaluate our district director and other DTM, DTM and a CGT for district 20, ETML camera to explain the project objectives I hand over the audio to DTM Alka. Thank you, Toastmaster of the day, Toastmaster CGT. Well, our worthy distinguished speaker today, Ditiam Bhatt Salman, is going to do her level three elective from the pandemic leadership. The project is that of vocal variety. And the purpose of the project is for the member to practice using vocal variety to enhance a speech. So in this, the member will present a well organized speech. on any topic and he she will use her voice to communicate and enhance the speech. The speech timing is five to seven minutes and the title of the speech is First Impression. First Impression, Dithyam Bafasalman, all the best. Dithyam Bafasalman, first Impression, five to seven minutes. Dithyam Bafasalman, first Impression. Bill and Hillary Clinton, often tell the story of how they met. They locked eyes at the age-low library until Hillary broke the silent and marsh towards Bill. She said, hey, if you keep looking at me and I will keep stirring back, we'll be might as well be introduced. I'm Hilary Rothen. What's your name? Bill has said he could not remember his own name. That was a personal impression and it was a memorable one of Master of the evening, followed by Master and 61 evaluator. Good evening. Press and press and press. very critical in our life. As in short period of time, others will form opinions about us based on our appearance, our body language, our gestures and our character. So we need to make sure that this first impression is good one and memorable one. I will talk today about how to make that good person. impression. However, mind you that sometimes it's inevitable. But we need try to do the best that we can to make our first impression unforgettable. I will give you three tips. The first tip, keep a charming smile. They say that as mine, when you the word smile for you. And there is nothing like it. smile that guarantees a positive reaction. Whenever you do, wherever you go, just smile, and you will see people smiling at you. So it's the first key of a good first impression. Mom used to tell me that I need to smile more. So I start practicing smiling. Lately I am. I put smiling. face on my computer, in my room, so whenever I see, I smile. And especially at my office, whenever I'm talking over the phone, I smile. I put a word smile, you are over the phone. The second tip is dress appropriately. Dress to impress. I know nowadays, our word. more casual than it used to be 20 years ago. However, it's important to dress the pot. It took me years to be convinced. I used to argue with Bob a lot. And I always tell her, who cares how do I look and dress the most important? It should be clean and tidy. She used to be. to tell me dear. They say a picture is worth a thousand worth and the way you present yourself to the people. That's how your image has been memorable. Therefore, took me here, but I truly persuaded and I dressed according to the situation. Now. The third tip I wanna give you is speak clearly. Oliver had Oliver random sense. Speak clearly if you want to speak at all. Carve every word before you let it fall. It's very important when we are speaking to speak clearly and slowly. Especially for us. We are non-native speakers, and when we are communicating not in our language, if we start to speak quickly, nobody can understand and they will not understand our words. So, I practice how to listen to the last letter of every word I say to make my words as clear as possible. So, even if I'm talking. nothing, not in mother tongue language like now I feel and I'm seeing that all people are understanding what I'm saying. To conclude, our perception is based on the thing that we see from the first impression of people. Now is the first impression, a last impression? Well, it's debatable. Some people say yes, it is, and others say no, it's not. Whatever is the case. Sometimes the first impression cannot be a revival. Sometimes you meet people once and you don't have the opportunity to meet them again. So whatever image you showed them, it will in their memory. My advice is that three simple tips. that make your first impression in a more available one, first one, share a charming smile, second, dress appropriately, same dress people, and third is speak clearly. If you follow these steps, your first impression, it will not just be good, it will be a more available one. Back to you. Got master of the evening. Will I be lying because of my speech all that? I'm sorry, I was muted. So you have one minute to write some feedback to DTM waffa and you can write it in the chat either directly to DTM waffa or to everyone. And we will next move on, I'll just wait for a few more seconds. And of course, the duty of a virtual meeting is you could always give the feedback even at a later point and she will get it. Coming to our next segment and we are right on time, maybe three minutes on the late, which is great, is our tabletop excitement and to conduct this tabletop excitement is my best friend in Toastmasters, Toastmaster Najwa Selma. And let me hand over to the podium to her and she will explain what she is going to do. Hello, everyone. It's the first time for me to be on online Zoom meeting with those masters. I will say that I'm honored now to see you all happy to see you all. Today as they will topics master, I'll explain every first as what is they will topics. So table topics is an impromptu speech. For me it's speaking from the heart. Whatever comes to your mind related to a story that links to the topic. it's more than pleasure for me to hear from you. So I'll share with you some coats or sayings and by that the participants will share her speech or her speech and the timer will introduce the timing based on that from one to two minutes. So let's go for the timer so she can explain the timing segment for this table topic schedule. Can you please of her control. Good evening, fellows versus once again. Timing for table topics is one to two minutes at one minute. I will show the green car at one and a half minutes. I will show the yellow car and at two minutes I will show the red car. You have 30 seconds, grace period to complete your table topic. Over to table topic master. Thank you so much by that our theme for today is human and adapting by that is how we gonna adjust ourselves to adapt with the situation that you are going through. Whatever is the situation first especially the situation that we are already having nowadays first thing to do is to calm down relax everything gonna pass smoothly precautions will be taken everything nice. So today. We'll have some participants to share the segment and we'll have Kaji in control to see who will raise his hand to be our first volunteer and I will say the topic twice. I don't know who will be chosen by Kaji. I cannot hear you Kaji then. I cannot hear you. She has to speak a right-shaker. Okay. Thanks. Okay. So, as you will be the first volunteer for tonight. Yes. So, you have to choose from one to six. Five. That's right. So, you're good to be. The art of life is a constant read adjustment to our surroundings. Okay, okay, I got that the art of life constant, we are adjustment of hours, that's right. So, Laura is yours. All right. Can I see the timer around? Where is the timer? Christina, we are on. Okay, I can see you. All right, have I start? Okay, life inevitably resolves, revolves around us. Our life inevitably revolves around us because we are the center of our universe and we as human beings are capable of adjusting to any surrounding situation. There are people living in the Antarctic, the Arctic's. There are people living in deserts and it's always been habitated by human beings. So human kind is able to adjust itself to any surrounding that is one of the best thing about being a human. Creatures, though, may be adaptable to some particular surrounding because that's where they live and they cannot survive elsewhere. Human beings, like I left my village in the island of my country, India and I have been living in Gulf of the... But it says yes, even though I don't know Arab because it's still managed to survive here. So being adjustable adaptable is one of the conditions that human beings are capable of and always will be owed to you. Thank you so much Raj. By that we'll have our second volunteer for tonight. I can't know. Yeah, I can't do that. I have seen DTM Ramkumar. So I will unmute him now. OK, Ram. So choose from one to six, except five, three, three. So adaptability is the simple secret of survival. Adaptability is the simple secret. regret of survival. Do you agree? Or does I agree? Florida's yours. Thank you very much, tabletopic master, fellow Toastmasters, distinguished dignitaries. I totally agree with this topic. Adoptability is the simplest secret secret of survival have you ever noticed people among the world if you see at the logistics I mean sorry statistics many of those who married are not happy because they don't have children there are people or we do's it could be a man it could be human. You agree to those masters? Yes, at home. Yes. Now, the secret of happiness is something that you adopt a orphan child, an infant baby, a report child who lost their father or mother. The secret of survival for them is immense. It doesn't... It doesn't come to the context or the words are viable. It itself defines them that they want to live more than 100 years, because the paramount of happiness, the joy, the instillness, the instinct to the ability of confidence, courage and persistence, the poor with the low affection they don't know their mother and father just because of it. adopted a child who was orphaned and given your love, the bond has created. To conclude, I must say that there are those who blessed with little ones. There are those who blessed with nothing, but the opportunities yours, you can make a choice of adopting a child. There are many of those who are living living in camps. The Syrian child, they don't have parents, they don't have food to survive. Adopt and live your life to the fullest. Back to you. Thank you. Thank you so much Ram. What a big applause to Ram. Let's rock it out here. Okay, then let's have our third participant for tonight and here. And we have somebody from Bahrain, please. Please raise your hand. Please raise your hand. Please raise your hand for sure. I cannot see hand so I can get your control. Who would like to take up the challenge? Please raise your hands. Who dare to come to me? So we will not push. We will not force we push something like that. You can choose. You can choose. I cannot. I cannot. catch anybody from here. So let's have Sandy. I can see her in front of me here. Sandy got you. Okay, I got to Sandy. Hello. We have other numbers like one, two, four, and six. Six. Perfect. So you're saying to be, train your. find to see the good in every situation, train your mind to see the good in every situation. Talk about Santi Stain, Lord's Lord Stein, Stein, Stein, everybody. Good evening, Toastmasters, and our wonderful online forum. The idea of keeping a positive mind is something we really have to have, especially at this time, as these notices are going around coronavirus. Don't go anywhere. Look out. We're going to get you. You're going to get it and you're going to die and people are panicking everywhere. And for myself, the way that I do that is to... to really kind of turn off a lot of those social media things, and instead I focus on things like prayer, reading funny books or watching humorous shows, I love cartoons, and just really spending quality time with the people around me and trying very hard to all of that negativity. So if you focus your thoughts and your time on the positive things, yes, those those negative events are happening around us. We can't we can't change what other people are thinking what's happening around us. All we can do is change how we are adapting to it. How what is our response to all of And so if we work on focusing our response on positive ideas, what can we do? What can we change? And how are we able to do things that could help ourselves or help others? Then it helps you to get rid of that panic to calm things down and not to kind of freak out as so many people are. And that's it. To you, toast, table topic master. Thank you so much, Sandy. Amazing. Everybody stay positive, not panic here all around. So let's have our fourth participant. And the drum roll goes to either you raise your hand or you'll be picked up on the photo. Cajie, control. I don't know the hand. If the hands are raised or not. No, I can't see anybody. Cajie. somebody will be selected and here we go. Be ready. We'll have Faisal Jamil. Ready, see, okay. See online. Faisal, moving forward if he's not will come to for three, two, one. Time is money. We'll move forward to another one named Toastmaster Will. Ready. So this is why they say table topics is the most fun and having fun in the whole so bear with me here. So Mr. Will, you have to select either one, two, and four. Number four. Number four. Okay. It is not the strongest or the most intelligent who will wife, but those who can best manage change. It is not the strongest or the most intelligent who will survive, but those who can best manage change. Those master will. It even goes masters. A lot of times we believe that the strongest person or the smartest person is the best person in this situation. However, in life, we all have changes always occur. So the person that actually can adapt to any change is actually the strongest person, or the most individual person. Like in this situation here dealing with the situation going around the country with the virus, you know you might be the strongest person. I'd be the most healthy person ever you might get in sick. However, if you adapt, have a positive mental attitude and realize that this effect is only temporary, you can actually go through this a lot easier. Similar to this meeting tonight. I have a lot of great speakers, a lot of great high-waters. However, adapt into the change, even though we're on hip to hip meetings individually come on, take a look. together and being in this form and having to be in the line is actually encouraging change and current adaptability and making sure that we continue to survive even though circumstances are not best. So basically inclusion like to do emphasize that don't have to be the smartest, don't have to be the strongest. I have a having that strong skill to when you face your problem. adapt to it to make a change to overcome the solution. It's always the best. Thank you so much. Well, amazing. Now I just would like to since we are running slightly five minutes behind schedule, I think can we finish with the topics? Yes, for sure. Okay there is one speaker who has raised the hand and we can't do not. Rohana, I'm handing over to. Hello, Rohana. Hi. Can you hear me? Yeah, sure. Okay. So, Rohana, you would like to participate here and you will be our last participant for this segment. So, you can choose either one or two. One. So, one. Adaptability is about the powerful difference between. adapting to co and adapting to win. Adaptability is about the powerful difference between adapting to co and adapting to win. Prohina, floor is yours. Thank you. There's no floor. Good evening to all of you here. And I'm not sure how many of you are watching me, but good evening and hi to all adaptability. I think what we are doing right now is a very big form of adaptability. If Darwin was alive, he would have said, wow, you know, what a different change. What a different change we've brought ourselves to cope, to cope with the circumstances that are happening in our days. And what we are doing to overcome those circumstances. How we can overcome those problems and make them so to our solutions and give ourselves solutions. Like catch it. has done today. I mean, not only today, but I know this has been in work for some time now, but actually working with it, working on it, working with it and working with all of you, it gives us more adaptability. It makes us more confident. And when you are confident, definitely, you're going to win. So I think everyone has to undergo a change. If you don't change, because change is the only thing that is constant in this world. And if you don't change, because change. is inevitable. You cannot do without change in today's world. Today I heard that everything is going to close down, the demands are to be met and supplies are going to be in this. So I think everyone's going to be again, you know, being in a panic state, running around, finding solutions for that. But you know what, what we need to do is become patient, watch, adapt ourselves so that we can end this situation. Thank you. over to you. Thank you so much Raheena, back to our controller for this meeting, the amazing and the best Kajitan at here. Thank you. Okay that was an amazing table topic segment and let us look at a timer and who will give us a timing report and I will make the poll in the meantime. Good evening at once again. The table topic participants have aquallified, Dosewaster Rajshaker, Dosewaster Ramkumar, Dosewaster Sandy, Dosewaster Will, and Dosewaster Rajina. So now I will be launching the poll in just a few seconds. So, now I'm going to submit the poll, please get ready to vote for the best tabletop And I will close the poll in five, four, four, three, four, four, four, three, four, three, four, three, two, one. And we have an excellent response, more than 72%. And we will declare the winner very soon. I will not share the results with you. Finally, I will hand over the podium now to our general evaluator, DTM. to run the general evaluation segment over to you. Good evening, those sponsors and special good evening to our Toastmaster today. Today we are now starting the general evaluation evaluation session and as you know we had only one speaker, first speaker and the only speaker is our district director, medium of Asalmaam and a request are evaluated. to the evaluation before that may request our timer to give away the timing for the evaluation. The timing for the evaluation session will be two to three minutes at two minutes. I will show the green card at two and a half minutes. the yellow card and at three minutes the red card you have 30 seconds grace period. This time is for the evaluators as well as the remarian over to general evaluator. Thank you. DTM Alka Comra. First evaluator DTM Alka Comra. The voice is a reflection of what is going on inside us. Good evening to all the attendees, generally evaluated, Toastmaster of the day and to my target speaker, De Temvapasalma, well, she showed to us today through her project how in the way we speak. Now I would like to ask you, why do we need variety in our vocals? Why do we need variety in our vocals? Well for the simple reason variety is the spice of life. The same way when we have variety in our vocals it impacts the way we communicate with others and the reaction of others. Now what I have loved about today's speech of of our wars. The introduction that she gave, first of all, about a very important or well-known pair, Bill and Hillary Clinton. How important the first impression is. Well, there she also displayed some vocal variety. And also what I loved about her speech was variety at many places. Most notably at the point where she spoke about her mom and she said a mom told her how important dressing up well was. So that was the most notable vocal variety that I saw in her speech today. Also what I like about her speech is the pauses, the well articulated speech, the articulation that was. thrown through the pauses, when especially when she spoke about speaking clearly, the importance of speaking clearly in first impression. So she spoke, we need to listen to the last letter of every word. So each of these words was well emphasized to show the importance. Now coming to a few areas where I would suggest that she can add to the... the already experienced way of speaking she has. The first is, even though there was a lot of vocal variety, I found she could have added a little more variety in going in production. Plus, she could have added a few more, few dialogues, especially when talking to mom. And she could have showed a little more emotion there by saying something like when the mom says dressing up well is important. No, no, no, mom. it's okay I don't care much so that's the way to show a little more vocal variety and a few emotions as well. Now coming to one more important aspect of vocal variety which is the rate the rate of speech that I found was not much varied it was more or less flat. So in the rate of speech is a little up and down it is more made more varied and exciting. It would add more flavor to the speech. Overall, a wonderful speech about creating a first impression how to keep maintaining it and how to add vocal variety to the speech. But a few more few points that I suggested and the speech would be a great one. Over to you, generally, Thank you very much to see Gideon evaluate. Thank you very much. And our next role player and evaluator is our grammarian, DTM, Ramkubar Nachpali. You will also be giving the outcome of the report. Good evening all, once again, I welcome you all. Good evening. Thank you. Well, it was a very noteworthy grammar in the report I would like to give you today. In the inevitable word, it's been used, has been used by Toastmaster Ketcheton. director, DTM Wafasalman in her speech, Toastmaster Rohina Tanviv and of course, DTM Ramkumar too. Now, I was expecting that since we have a lot of table topics and good momentum going on, I was expecting that more people could have used the word of the day. However, it was also used by... Hey, uh, Toastmaster Willie. Now coming to what are the words we use today? As a speaker of a Salman, she has enthralled her with a beautiful usage of the words, such as given a first impression itself, starting a memorable charming smile, admire, perception, impression, and the quotes. I have noted and it caught my attention was, a picture is worth a thousand words. A picture is a worth a thousand words. This was the quote used in her speech by the first woman. And under the phrases of the court words, it caught my attention was dressed to impress, keep charming smile. Speak clearly. And slowly, don't want a wonderful message she has given, and speak with wisdom. Now, Toastmaster Will, I used the word, which caught my attention, was, adopt and see to change. Have a strong will, power to adopt. Now, coming to the table topics, many of them used a very well, one of the things I was impressed with none of them used though I'm coming to the accounting now no not a single person have repeated the words like so but or some words like none other than Our presenter today, the Toastmaster of the day, did Toastmaster get it to me. He used... Okay, we seem to have some technical difficulties and maybe... he was trying to correct me and the system decided that I cannot be corrected. Okay, back to you, General Valuator. Thank you very much, moderator and dear Modi. As a general evaluator, my evaluation for today's meeting, first of all, the meeting was very good. Let's all give a big applause to our district, as well as the moderator for doing it. great job. Excellent. The training was there from six to seven and he made it sure although it was over at 540, he made it sure with all the doubts can be cleared. At seven, the meeting started sharply, the demo meeting. So that's a great point to be noted. And we had a great sergeant's terms who started the meeting very well. The only thing we did not have is a banner. That's okay. But coming to the meeting, um, just speaker, the first speaker, our first speech was the first impression. Very good. She started with a beautiful message, not a message, a thing which we have not appreciated, presence of mine. She said, all my 61 evaluators, wow, she noted that before animating, I mean, before going to our speech. And I would also like to add that our speech was very good. She gave all the three points recapitulated that at the end which is the great thing. Coming to tabletop session you know the excellent lovely topics given by our tabletop master first master Najima and we appreciate moderator again as he knew that the time of time was going on immature it was curtailed by mother without having the last speaker so great at the time management. And our timer, you did a great job with this to cost a procella, a great job procella. Only one thing I would like to suggest is the yellow card is not seen clearly in that light. Maybe you should have a different just for improvement for next time. Otherwise, the meeting was very good. Coming to the evaluation, our evaluator, itum alcacomra, our CIDD did a great evaluation and a great American for the first time. is made it within the time frame, as well as the account role. However, I would like to mention that both Raj and Raj used the word of the day twice, and Rehina used the word of the day once, which is, I mean, maybe you must have not seen it. Overall, the meeting was excellent. It's a great experience. Inevitable that we have to go into this type of meeting, however, we enjoyed it. It's really good to see even... Now, we have so many participant now. At the closer we have 42 participants, the shows the meeting has been very successful and grows to the district, especially double support to our moderator, as well as to the co-host. We are forgetting the co-host was going to create jobs. My evaluation is over. I leave it to the, and it will work to our moderator and co-sponsor. that he, your director, a constant barrier to it. Thank you very much. Thank you. And so that for you all was a sample of what online meeting would look like. So now we have the tools. You know what has to be done. All of you are supposed to be the next level now who will take up this role to your own clubs and say, OK, I'm going to make a meeting. Make a Zoom account or borrow my account. Don't ask a district to make one Zoom account for you. Allow a meeting. Execute it. Maybe you might still struggle for some things. How do I do that? Guys, you don't did it like this. The WhatsApp group will be kept open for some time for you all to discuss your issues. Because as you know, I'm not the only person. There are some experts also in the same group. They will also share some ideas with you. Feel free to use this group too. learn more, get more tips, plan your meetings, execute them, most importantly share your experiences with us, what is it that you have done, what do you think you did well, what do you think you can improve upon and till the government tells us otherwise I wish you all the best in online meeting management and now I will end over the podium. To a district director to keep her impression to some rep up on this meeting and close exactly as scheduled at eight o'clock Thank you very much So smart of the evening and I'm so happy that till the end 42 members of their it was an amazing meeting It was a good experience for me I attended several meetings in Europe and U.S. online, but they attend these were like maximum 2016, something like that, so it's different experience. And so happy that we are all enthusiastic on keeping our Toastmasters meeting running regardless of any case. The most important safety comes first. That's the most important for us. I want you to be safe. don't go out unless it's urgent to go out. Stay home, stay safe. And if there is anything, we are connected to each other through groups. This is what's called the TOS Master's family. And we are a family. I want all of you to depend on each other. Ask for help if we need. The meeting was amazing. It was organized from the beginning, till the end. was followed by the agenda. And if you notice that the table topics took a little bit time, that was master of the evening, control that, and put everything on track. Because of this, we are trying to end up time. I saw that this meeting is a professional meeting. And I'm sure that if you run it in your club, it will help members to stay connected. And I hope it will be short. And we will be back to our... normal Toastmasters meetings that we all love to enjoy and be there. So that's it and brief. I enjoyed it and thank you, Kajitin and the co-host for the technically running that show and taking our wish and make it a reality. I'm so happy and Chapoba. Thank you very And there's one final thing to be done, and that is to announce the best table topic speaker. And notice that I did not share the role of the best table topic speaker, because if you do that, then it doesn't have the same feeling of a toast master meeting. So the toast master of the day, because I ran them whole, it is my privilege then to announce the best table topic speaker. In this case, of course, the best speaker was only one. So my default best speaker is DTM guffa. But the best table, no, no, yes. With the very high percentage of polling and very good competition from all of them, please give a big round of applause to Rohana with the best table to pay. And with that, I conclude the meeting. I will keep it open for another one or two minutes and anybody has any questions? I don't know if it's a problem. I don't know. I don't know if it's a problem. Yes. Anybody? Yes. Merrily. Yeah, I just would like to, I mean, this is not one of the meeting, but I would like to share with you. Because people, please put your name in the tag, not iPhone, Dell, all those things, because we would like to know your name. So please avoid putting iPhone, Dell, whatever it is. It's just a request so that we can know you with a person. Thank you. And with that. Thank you very much. Good night and happy online meeting. I joined the meeting.