So what you have to do when you get the questionnaire is, you take three minutes to read the questions and give solutions to those questions and by taking it on your self. Artificially colored vegetables, do they make you suspicious or not? Do you even think of before buying them, like if they are really bright and colorful? How many of you have answers like four or five? Great. So I think my kids are really good consumers. Give me examples where you have thought that you or your parents might have been cheated in the market as a consumer. During lunch break I went to my school canteen and I bought two fruities and the shopkeeper gave me expiry fruities. Expired fruities and what did you do there? My teacher told me that first you have to notice what you are buying or you have to notice. the date, manufacture date, yes, these sometimes my mama goes to cosmetic shops then the shop keeper paste the duplicate MRPs on the MRP slips and they increase the rate and my mama never noticed that this is not the original MRP they are Why do you think that the sellers or producers cheat? Get into your groups and discuss. So to make profit they send them on high rate or they sends many times this sells expiry date object. So that they can make money on that because they have expend money on that. The shopkeeper can read us face because he maintain many customers firstly we have to aware about that with that expiry date manufacture date and the MRP I really like the board happier share as a consumer you have to be what you have to be aware I bought something from a website right and I paid with my card everything happened I kept checking I kept tracking my order But it never came, like it never got delivered to me. So I wrote an email, OK, what is happening? Why are you not sending my, you know, you said that it will be delivered in 8 to 10 days. They did not reply. There was no phone number on the website. So what do you think Delhi would have done? Again, get back into your groups and come back. You have one minute. I really like how you guys are discussing so deeply and finding solutions without even having a lot of knowledge based, you know. prior knowledge to this okay anyone who wants to share you can send you can post complaints on the social media maybe because for the from the fear of that the website could try to post you can show it to maybe police Even before knowing that what steps can we take, we need to know what rights do we have. Okay, how many of you love to write? Great, remember your faces, remember each other's faces, right? How many of you love to research? Great, how many of you would love to do something in policy and government? Okay, little lesser hands, needs a lot of studying, right? How many of you are artists? Okay, now we are going to get into four different groups. Artists, you have to open the chapter consumer rights and look into right to information. Researchers, raise your hands. Okay, right to choose, start reading, right to choose. Writers, right to see great results. Policy makers, right to represent. Take 10 minutes to read, for a read and discuss with your group. Also, I am writing two websites on the board. You can use those websites. Okay, this group is actually doing, making a poster, right? You are artists. You will make a poster but what will you make a poster on? So you need to do a few things. For example, I have given you questions like, what campaign are you designing a poster for, right? How many? Pass on your message to your community. Going to the policy makers. Okay. Have you read about the organizations in your reading that are actually working right now on consumer rights? When you are making policy, what do you have to keep in mind? What are the nearest consumer forums you can go to? Now you got to know that you don't have to go to police to complain about consumer products. So policy makers, these are your questions. What actually would you want to work on which you did not see? already in India. So it needs a lot of research again. Researchers, what is different in your group from the policy makers? We are researching what are our rights as a consumer. And why are we searching for that? I think to make awareness and to make others aware about consumer or... Right. Guys, reach out to researchers and policy makers. They will make something that will bring the... So, you guys open up a rally in Jhangil Puri. Right? Show your postures. What can you guys do? Write us. So, we can aware about them, the consumer rights and organization which are helping the consumers and who are cheating. They can also write a letter to leader of that association. Great, you can write complete letters. So guys, you have 20 minutes now to create independently or in your group a lot many things. Policy is like making something for the rights of common people. Can you make new policies to make sure that this doesn't happen? We can also search on the policies which I have already made. You can see why that policy is not working or if it is dropping. And then if there is any drawback, you can walk up to that. What is the product? Which can describe the product. What are the manufacturing expiry dates, this type of thing. So we have to search on this. How to write a consumer letter, it's funny and they will interest you to read it, right. Please let's quickly go through the process, what do we do when one group is presenting? Making notes. Making notes, okay. And we? Ask questions. Ask questions. Here it is. Okay, let's go. I'm going to check this out. Totally different. There's X ,Y, We find the format that how can we write the letter, we can write the letter first we have to write our address and our city state or zip code and then we have to write the date that on which date we are writing the letter. And then what kind I am sorry what kind of letter is it, this is the, it is a formal letter but it is what, consumer letter, is it a implication letter, no, it is a complaint letter, it is a complaint letter, complaint letter, ok great. What would be the address you will post if you are living in this area, Darshanagar and Jaapur. So we can post it to the state commission A block, Vikar Bhavan, IP state, New Delhi 110002. Researchers, have you researched about state commission? What do they do? They solve the problems, they take the problems of money which are between 20 lakhs to 1 crore. Then only you write to the state commission, otherwise if you have a problem with TV right and the company is not taking it back, who will you write to? District level. District level. District level is consumer forum right. You go to the consumer forum. You have to attach some important documents as well that we got some papers when we buy things. So that's it. What do you call those papers? Warranty cards. Warranty cards, great. And the bill. Right. So, now do you know why is it actually important to ask for a bill? Any feedback for Prerna or for the writing group? They really found a good introduction of letter. How do we write? They help us to know how to write. But, as a team they want to conclude all the person while presenting their. Oh, that's right. Bye. So, I am here to talk about the ISI egg mark and the full format of ISI is Indian Standard Institution. So, ISI mark is a certification mark for the industrial products in only India. It certifies that a product conforms to the Indian standard and mention a seven digit number on the top of the mark which is... developed by the bureau of Indian standard. Why not egg mark? You have something about egg mark? No, we have only egg mark. Okay, so basically egg mark is only on the food products. Very good push family. Have you seen it on any food product? Okay. I have seen it on Jam. I have also seen it on when we go and buy a lot of other packaged products like chips, like pulses, like nice way. You really should be checking these marks to actually verify the quality of the product. Alright? Okay, policy makers, come. We have discussed about one of the organization and that's COPRA, Consumer Protection Act. There are some rights of consumers. First right is right to safety, right to be informed, right to be heard, right to be residential, right to be education. Maybe they are doing some cheating with the consumers, they are selling... So maybe at the higher prices they are selling not a good product. That means they are doing something unfair. So basically corporates working for the consumer rights. So policy makers talk about what have you worked on? What have you found out that you want to re-frame the policy? In many times the vegetable and fruit sellers sell fruits and vegetables which are covered with wax So they attract consumers. In that cases, the corpora is not working by taking surveys from the people who are living in small towns and in Mondays and we can also send people for inspections so that we can know that the policy is working well or not, the consumer is getting their rights or not We have said that we can reform our policy by maybe writing letter to the government and saying that they can offer being machines may be at very less rate to the people so that the people, the consumers are not cheated by the sales. We are artist and we are made these posters. My posters just telling about the old people have to be write and form about products and there was an equality symbol. All people have the right to buy anything without cheating. All have the right to stand up against the product if they were wrong about Iya's point. This is a world where there are side effects, warnings on usage, branch number and their phone number and this is the symbol of uneducated people so they can understand How much aware do you feel as a consumer on your hands, one to five? Are you fully aware of being a consumer? Is this still something that you could research or maybe go back and read?