I'll be giving you a topic and as soon as you'll get a topic, you'll have two minutes to think upon that. And then 12 minutes of discussion followed by two minutes of thinking. So when two minutes are up, I'll signal you, you can start the GD, and then after 12 minutes I'll ask you to stop. to the other leg of the area, the left leg. We need to get again here. So some constructive things should also come out. All right? OK. So topic is, AI is in path on Indian job market. You may start. So you have like to start and just go to another group that AI jobs we have to do with some sectors if you want to identify the effects. of AI jobs and different sectors. So if I start with some creative sectors AI has been taking over some jobs which are very dependent or very manual like if I take the tips of a data and tree or an excellent reader. Those are the jobs that slowly AI is taking I guess because there are power BI there are automatic analysis coming on and I think the jobs require a human touch something like doctors or something in physiotherapist where the human connect is required or emotions are required or some critical thinking on this part modification is required. The other job which AI is not able to take right now and even in the future I think more of our AI will act as a tool and we'll be manipulated by humans itself for use like how can use it as a tool to improve around Yeah, I would like to add on to that and divide these jobs into two segments of IQ and IQ Like the jobs which have high IQ, I might may replace their but job which have emotional question as you also mentioned May or may not I'm still a little incident on that part because we know that there are mainly two subsets of AI machine learning and deep learning So deep learning may also provide some make you may take some make you job jobs. I want to take this discussion towards implications more than semantics. So, when it comes to the real implication of any advancement such as AI, what initially happens is that there is a lot of job loss in the market. However, with enough government support and enough social governance, those jobs get made up in other sectors. However, India historically has lacked proper responsible governance. And that's why every time there's some sort of an event in the market, they're done. as a massive job loss in India. So I think AI is going to have a negative impact overall. Like I want to cover a problem of a large amount of the population. We have seen a thought quote basically saying that India works at night. We have seen in the early 2000s, like large number of BPO has been created and which has given jobs to a large sector of Indian youth. But now with AI chat box coming, you know the customer care service will be kind of decline. We will see the decline. like five years, which has created a large amount of jobs for a large chunk of youth in the early years of 20th, 20th century. So for now, obviously, it will create jobs, it will create high quality jobs, but we have to address the population, which has, you know, don't have that kind of skillsets, you don't have that kind of, you know, mind to, you know, do this kind of jobs. For them, we have to, you know, create up our new solutions to provide jobs for such kind of population. I think I have a sincere rebuttal to that. that chatbots have decrease in wind and complete debris to that. However, any average customer feels more comfortable talking to a real person than a chatbot, let's say. So, this is obviously going to drive demand down for the entry level operators. However, good BP operators with good conversions with lower call times, with highest satisfaction ratings, their salaries are going to significantly increase because they are going to be in a hard amount because customers will be fed up of dealing with chatbots often. Right? Let's say in this situation, like when I am seeing wind or turn this jobs. like when you go to make the case you all the operating jobs now you see more chaos jobs rather than the people encounters so I think the effect has already started and it's already taking many jobs absolutely and I find that kind of worry because let's just say our government is already struggling to create a solution that solution could be according to me we need better governance more social governance because let's let's face it we live in There is a lot of jobs and there is a creation of newer, more skilled jobs, more augmented jobs. However, those jobs require severe investment from the government, whether it requires subsidies to get them floating. So, government is not only government is having a little bit of skill based centers as well. We are saying skill and data missions are going on. We are also investing on technologies. India is right now even if I lead to the automotive sector for example. Right now we have very latest technologies in manufacturing and production instead. Like if I used to go on a basic concept between that, how technology... to bring and how humans should bring. So, we're excited to hear you, Grifan. What are the technologies? More of it technological search because in a national level, if I am in a corporation or I am in a government, I'll think more of the revenue that I can generate at the same time I will increase my profit and come to the point which you said, good, good one is. I think people need to be more skilled up. But even though I see now, colleagues, beta colleges are opening up their specialized programs in AI launching. So, college and private institutions are doing their part, but are, are they enough, more generally enough skills are created by AI? If I train their hydrophys in a ... population becomes AI efficient, are we deming of a place like as possible? I'm not even worried about the gig economy, let's say not chatbots are replacing the matters customer case, we need the customer. Some more worried about the gigs economy and all that, that they are using more humans and collaborating with more AI technologies. They're more accessible, you see that at different than 9, 12, 13. I'm looking for a WhatsApp business store. Like nowadays, very Instagram stores are a social video, so should we just be trending these days, we see a lot of stores opening up. They are not a Instagram head place, or WhatsApp, I just click on three or four. option even at night 2 p.m. I have a night 2 m I can see all the catalogs. If I amount of population we have do you feel that it's the right way to go out? No I don't think so it is the right way exactly but if we are going by the physical economics like earlier also even in the decision we have seen that when tractors came up or different technologies came up. But we have two areas over here. We have two areas over here. You know the large population we, your discussion is related you know particular to a domain which is quietly educated. See we have to look after the endless population as well Because for now, using a smartphone also is a big deal and with coming off AI, things will be changing in a rapid rate. So a large amount though, I think the government should take initiative and upscaling every age of people. I have seen the data from World Economic Forum that only 10 or 15% of our population is ready for the future technology and AI. So I think the main motive or the main initiative of government should be to upscale have the category of people, so I think we have quite about the EQ. to your point. We are missing a very important point here. We are only talking about implications. We are not talking about the belief of the people. If a huge chunk of the population believes that they want to lose their jobs, it's going to create panic in the country, and it's going to create even larger jobs. So, along with upskilling programs, I think the government should also invest in qualitative measures such as giving the people a little bit of hope, but even if they had a place as your job, then we better jobs in the future. We as a government, it will help you upskilling. will be better educational programs etc. And also like I think one seminar I was seeing within Gutter, he said that they won't implement all AI together like the way rapidly, there's an implied thing in European countries. It's not going to happen in India, they're not going to implement, you know, try AI cars in the early future because they want to, you know, not make the economy so capitalist or you know, driven towards a certain kind of population will leave also I want to know something unanimously. As of now with the discussion. What does everyone think? Will AIP positive or will AIP negative towards the market? Can we all have a round robin and everyone says what you think about? I am talking about economics or the normal jobs. We are talking about combining both the factors. And I am talking about pushing one more question. What are you using? EQ, getting into the space. So when I do it again, we can go in on, we can go in account about the market. I think it would be an employee deficit for short because I believe AIP is taking over. jobs of, if we can say 1000 people, but it is giving jobs to say 100 people. So those 900 jobs are lost for sure. Like for me, like even if you like in the introductory phase, if you want to like search for something like even if Google is also implemented like labs, it's very much like you don't have to go through all the articles like there is a lab experiment here which like sums up all the articles now like there is a new technology. If like you don't want to go into this. But like, events were like, tools are also now being AI generated. So like, tools, like it. There is a contradiction about security. On all ways, like, nothing that we're seeing, I gave an AI real-tech time, but he's also implementing AI generated tools. Like, even Microsoft is investing in India, $3 billion in AI infrastructure. Like, even if we like, in the earlier times, we used to go to a doctor like, to consult some medicine, but now we go to some debt. At JBTR Google, what medicine do we need? We don't like to take doctor's prescription, but sometimes then the disease might be fatal. We might need doctors. See, but in case of human perspective, I don't think that the mindset, Indian mindset is not always to incline towards, you know, the technology. They are more... I would be second struggling to do that. No, it's a perspective. I'm not saying that the whole chain of the population agrees with it. But I assume that everyone can be get back to what we were doing and see what I'm not agreeing with. as of doctor we like to you know AI will give generic answer but if doctor health care sector there should be specific to the patient like we may be concerned to the doctor we give many symptoms not a genetic life I have fewer the doctor will have your fever with headache or cough but if a chagibity will not ask if I type the I have a fever they need to do it I would not have any areas to personalize your choices but you don't want to ask questions as all That is correct, but yeah, we will give you my answer only in both the irls and corners of the personalization, we are talking about that, he is saying a ideal general generic algorithm, right? The lighting now it's your turn. Yes, we will go ahead. Everybody has discussed about the positive and negative, so yes, definitely it will lead to decline of jobs, but we have to, you know, look at our own perspective or our ecosystem. So, definitely it will decline our job, but we have to subscribe some kind of categories of jobs, so that they can sustain, another population with... doesn't have that skills. So we have to, you know, take the measures according to our situation, according to our ecosystem. For example, that is super visual level. What worries me is that it's taking unskilled job and creating more scale jobs. So I feel it's not feasible for all to just scale up themselves at a very point of time and look for scale jobs. So that's fantastic. That's all I would like to share a few things. Even if people scale up, the number of scale people cannot even cannot reach in a country like India equal to the unskilled episode working on the normal level. And even if- This cannot put that, it can't create that many jobs, that is a question that is very, because even if AI creates that many jobs, we don't have any positive. If I'm still hiring 100 people for a job, even after buying an AI very expensive AI tool, I'm not able to increase my profits. So that is also question, even if people don't be able to increase that job. Me being last, I would like to augment everyone's arguments in the room. I completely agree with the negative viewpoints in this room, and I believe that whatever you guys are saying is absolutely right. AI may or may not be able to replace. the jobs that we already have. And even if AI does replace the jobs, there is no guarantee that those jobs are going to flow through the economy, they're going to trickle down through the economy equally. I think the advent of AI is only going to add to even greater wealth inequality in this country. And our private sector, along with the government sector, they lack any proper form of governance, any proper form of accountability. And the only thing what are the jobs specific to the market will actually beneficial from the AI's impact, if we break it down a little bit. Right, that's a great question. So the Indian economy has a lot of jobs in the unskilled division, which are not even tax. Think sanitation workers, think manual labor jobs. No, these jobs should be a, my agree with that. So these jobs with the help of robotics and AI could actually be replaced because that's face and we have been trying for a hundred years to make these jobs safer. We haven't been able to. So this is one of the positive implications I can actually think of. But the job, no suspect is still. The data that around 8% of people have. very high risk of debt and all the entire banana nipo tum cham to bowl. We're having it in the right hand. Sir Mirek, so all the hand. We are going to interrupt to conquer you, so we will come to that, but we are just looking at me. Don't look at moderator too much. These are your fellow mates. You guys are the team of the right now. First, I'll just talk about your gestures and then we'll move to the topics of Logan Gavoli. You are a lot devoted from the topic of talks, of course, of course, why it takes place to get it to you, you can not ride. Both have been listening to my fellowmates from so far, and now let me just counter each at every point or let me be in favor of this one or I am aligned with my particular fellowmates. So first of all, commendable job, I would say, I will tell you what all positives, what negatives will be there. They are so wrong, sir. Nusra, again, you know, PRB is generating away a descriptive idea. Husky, whatever you say, is in a bargaining area, right? You did not go into generating a descriptive. You will talk about it again, it's kind of bad job figure. So you have to start it by something like, you have a job giant, you have a job giant, you have a job giant, you have a job giant, you have a job giant, you have a job giant, you have a job giant, you have a job giant, you have a job giant, you have to think about. So, you have a marriage, I will say, each sector means of challenging, each sector managing, and if it is backed by some specific data, generate new goods on specific data, it is a manual factor in which it will change, and if it is backed by some specific data, and if it is not controlled, then you can go on to the impact of it, it is a risky it is not used to be used to have a decision making ability to use it. But the one thing is, what is the labour market? The value of the market is not the value of the market. So, what's the up next at Kia, right, so you first of all, who's ever starting? So it's your job to give the structure to the JD, right? So other up next point, probably you will have to stick to that point, other up next standard, you'll have to take that stand, right? So, it's very confusing that should we take a stand energy. or not. So, jobs jaiangi after nahi jaiangi. So, other many first statement about here like jobs definitely jaiangi. So, I have to support myself. So, why cannot be be open ended? We can think from both the perspectives, the job jaiangi, fine and job clearly be only. So, let us discuss on that particular thing. So, good you started with the points that you have given that was that that were good but I like somewhere the structure of. that GD was missing, okay, right. Shattadru commendable job done in the entire GD, I would say, okay, at lots of like places I felt that like you were contributing to the GD, you were giving dimension to the GD, okay. You were giving other people chance to speak as well. So you're not missing out on those things. But last minute of those two, we made quite a lot of a gamble, huh? When you asked like people to speak to take to go for confusion one by one, up next, Tikya Tikya would have counterclockwise carrying it to Inkebara, up a number of other parties in a counterclockwise or Shunuki Ali. So it was a gamble that you played. Yeah, it was a massive deal, huh? And luckily, uh, in that limited amount of time, lastly I have to up the podge here and you could, uh, like give your conclusion. But let's say time off. Pocha. Right? Yes. So, it was a gamble. So, it was a gamble. You put up just add one line. Add it one line. So, both of you said, I strongly disagree, so you have disagree to a point and you mentioned I strongly disagree, after all I don't agree with that, fine, it happens like I may not agree with each and every one, but you don't have to express the peace nation that I don't disagree with you, I don't agree with you, I disagree with you. You should not be saying this thing. You can use the words like, but however, maybe Carnegie is a real thing, like he mentioned something, you are not agreeing to him. So you can say that, okay fine, but I feel and you can continue. So Abkhaju point and over counter-correga, it will be going in opposite direction or not me, but I don't identify in this school. Extreme words in use. Why are you not disagreeing? Why are you not agreeing with them? Fine. I agree with you, but I can give some other dimension to what you are. Thank you. Okay, take care. Parindas are, what's our equation to show you? Appnunchabucha, what's the solution of this problem then? Which side do you prefer in that case? You said just a second, just pointing out this, this, this, and here you cannot do that, isn't it? You should not be asking questions and a question push lea ticket, but you kept it all doing that and final last step will be happening here So, please, I have already said, ah, ah, take care Next is a CV lead masala This leak, a via masala case I got point is case I generate only So if you keep thinking from one direction one point of view, so you will be like you will have limited points So that you can speak Okay, so when you were given this topic, when you were given two minutes to think upon, so up-kiss direction is so straight, anything that you intended me. Yes sir. Sir, though, my starting paper with the mark for Alayatra apart-down, so outcomes there, without negative charge of the media charge, positive charge of the media charging here, so I was trying to drive the direction, tacky-low negative path of Alayayayay, but it worked and the key that I've thought about. In the middle, we thought it was still negative points, but- packaged for 5,000 people on this US? Prefficiency for many people they don't have numbers and then we will change because we will change each other so we can get to the other and change and change what we have done you can eventually have the data just kept asking how to update how to include whenever we begin the job we will do the actual thing so that we can create the data we will just go to the same a call sir, basically mass performance, a service, l-plinear, h. Some people like that, he said it is something else. You know, first of all, I'm sure he will go to the U Void, because I also want to do this with a bit of a bit of a thing like this. So, something like that. It's not like this, there's just a whole bunch of it's gotta be good. I can't believe it, don't be okay. I can't believe it. You can't believe it, don't you? Yes, I can, but I can't believe it. Just have a set for me that I don't know. Yes. Cons Okay, I think I have listened to him, I am not joking, I will be sleeping. It is like a It is like a It is like a The voice I don't know. I don't know. We were not very specific, we were not very specific, we were not very specific, we did not very specific, we were not very specific, we were not very specific, we were not very Maybe. A very good question in this video. Let's talk about multiple sectors. In one way we require active decision-making. One decision-making can change our certain scenario. A purpose in ever-changing sector. Wap it will take some time, right now it is not feasible, but there are some things I don't see that have a score. No score was over there. So we are in the list. We can see that the guy is dealing with two changes in the list. So we're interested in testing the number of positions in the list. So what's going on in the list? Pandan has never said that and it is very difficult But these general day to day life, they were about to get that Because they were having the time right now and they were having the time. They were a lot of depression But, it was very interesting I would... I would have been very... I have to push and say, we're not going to push but we're using this particular sector. We are going to put it in between now, and we have to put all of it on the table. We have to put each other on the table and let the market go. do. servo will run a gap weapon of it. Okay, so it is.. Oh, we've got a little bit more attention from that. And the question is, this is like the one item in the world? So this was the truth that... what is it? My only question is, this character is… I already know, but this is what you think, Go, go, go. See, such a political way of conveying. What's that you say? You say I say, thought of fake, kirkable, You say I said, thought of fake, kirkable, You say, thought at all. So, it's too much. You are a good one. You know, he is like, you're a good one. You say, You're a good one. You're a good one. You know, one thing that if, like you said, that we went very fine in the GDP topics. We went very often the topic and I knew that from the beginning. So, in the moment, why put forward my topic, going off from all the discussion breaking. Yes. Or do I keep waiting in the topic? Openly select that. We should come back to the mate point. 8 bar bowls at 2. 8 bar bowls at 2. But it's not possible. But it's not possible. I think we are diverting. I think we are diverting. We are diverting. We are diverting. We are diverting. We are diverting. We are diverting. I think we are diverting from the topic. The topic is not the role of government. Exactly. But rather, the topic is that impact of AI in Indian job market. And whether we will do it more. Or will create more jobs or what will happen to the net job model? Sir, but me right question, I got specifics in a realtor. Just say, who started here? Secretary of State Secretary of State, after Mayor Volaki, let's bring it back to implications here. We have to have a lot of information about negative impact and we have to have jobs, and we have to have a lot of jobs. We are going to have to have a lot of jobs to get in the company. But for topic of the office of the company, we have to have a lot of jobs. So who is going to have a lot of jobs? The government has a lot of jobs. The government has a lot of jobs. The government has a lot of jobs. The government. It is very specific to this particular topic only. And after this topic, we are going to talk about food, food, food, food. Okay. Or up to pass. Burya Masala had you in look at us. Tvakkur accept you Pergara poulakta Iari point a chai Mera puna ori n' locepubas chai lo sector Berto Merbak's is lying you are a grilling coma dandrudu espero right how personal experience poth help brother dan they say you had the doctor or a diggo puzzle experience they go to lada and how do you split your line these guys u'll ti spofida vospa lava nay lada nah you knew that you had this particular number kibei micro pothnagar in which kare di i expugna just kare whatever you had other I need. you guys. So there is a result of number point together, but data missing it. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I can have data created. Yeah, so, like, if you want to think from different dimensions, so I'll give you a key word. So S-P-E-L-T. Spake. Take it. Now, S-social. So implications are impacts. So you can think in different direction, direction. So S-P-E-L-T. legal, e, economical, l, legalities, legal impacts and t, technical or technological. So, other in cheese of say, social sugar will probably pointers masala or zalam, gente or don't think because let's talk about economical impact of this, let's talk about political impact on this I think it will have a negative impact on the job market, we will lose many jobs, which will further create more your wide-end gap between the rich and poor and I think that because and then you go with specifically in the sectors like you know manufacturing and your customers are ways majority of low income jobs. are taken away by the AI. And this number is huge. And now if you know that percentage, a internet percentage of our working class people work, you look good. You look up on the job, you know, normal job, you know, doing the salary as the ones who are the AI. Next week, you have a big W2 over, then you start. But, people who are in the AI, I am aligned with you, but in the sectors where you know you have that decision making more as same than yes or. No, you know can create a union back in that case as it won't go so if we have some program If it was can you should go Absolutely Starting me because of stuff I don't have the question either or at all So we're going to go to the point we went up next to the starting I gave you Yeah, yeah Create tab on the only agenda The point of view of that is You do the information, the rule in the solution The analysis is stopping me It's an easiest reason to be able to do this This is about that They have a contribution Hoto a chai The rule in the point of the solution is to a problem The only thing I had here is that The top and top and top of my details It is very authentic Yes, your eyes, your eyes, your eyes, your eyes and your eyes The top and top, my details are very good The top and top, my details are very cool The tip is if I can do this Yes, it's very good Everything new is up to whatever thing is When I am gone Do I have a turn here, may I go? I can do the same thing I can do the same thing I can feel that the panel was too hard There was a lot of lighting There is a lot of light Well what are the other details? See it's an S-s-s-s-s If you say D, out of the seven who are sitting here, we are plus three on minus eight or two. Overall, just today's effect. Subkitra was a conditioner. Some rice can start to last one minute. In a simple time, we can simultaneously. I think, right from Padega, he's wearing a watch. Why can't we? Others have to be better enough. Obviously, for all pieces of the way, we have to throw a side of Padega. All the way to my chainband, we have to run against him.
