Yeah, hello to someone. It's been a long time since we've been working on this. Today we're going to do the Jacobi matrix, and then we're going to do the direct analysis, and then we're going to do the keton-regular analysis in more detail, and then we're going to do it again, also. Sol on the Jacobi matrix again. Jacobi. matrix, and the more dimensional Kattenrege. We'll first of all talk about Jacobi matrix. What was that like? Not anymore? No, we'll talk about it later. Zone F, the building in the form Rn, Rm up, then is the Jacobi matrix with the sign in mid-yacht, F. Now let's look at the step x. This is the matrix. This is the one. f of the vector x, the second vector. The second vector f of the vector x is also a vector. And so on and so forth with dn f of the vector x. This is the Jacobi matrix. So let's see if the matrix is best for me. As it was stated here, as it is f on x. f of x here in the left in m and the size we name the upload on Not the assen variable in Jada Einselen component as a here student vector there. M. I'm triggered hot It's coming us into our our shrine Also, Oscar shrim she didn't Allah yes, I interact the ions f1 of x. In second, f2 of x. And the second one is fm of x. Here we have f1 of x. And the second one is fm of x. dn f1 of x with dn fm of x. That is, when our function of the Rn in the Rn are built, then there is this matrix, an element of Rn. Yes, how many times has it been? It's been m times 2 and n times 3. So now we have our n for the m and the matrix comes to first the m and then the n. So when we use Jacobi matrix and the dimension of the proof, we get the first hint as to what is going to happen. You know, but I think that for me, the most important thing is the Jacobi matrix, to be honest. Or to make. And of course, what is the most important thing is that when we have our Rn with the original basis of the standard basis, then it is this matrix, this matrix, that belongs to Rn. matrix, our total differential. As in Grunde, Meurer-Weiniger, that's our total differential. Good. That's why we're going to create a Jacobi matrix now, but also directly into Samhang with the Kettenregel. As I said before... three functions here. I will write f concrete, also psi f of x epsilon and z. So I write small z plus sinus epsilon. and g of x epsilon is x squared plus epsilon, x minus epsilon, and e of epsilon. and the third function is the other function, so ha is equal to First of all, we have G, and then F, so we have F, Kringle, G. And how long will it take to get to the first row? From 1, 2 to 1. So we start with K1, which is epsilon. Then we will do the third row. This argument should be defined as F, and F is a real number, also from 1, 2 to 1. Ok, now we have the Jacobi matrix of this matrix. We function this. We see the Jacobi matrix of R under the x epsilon of x. Yeah? Yeah, I would like to see the matrix of R under the x epsilon of x. or just n equals 1? n equals 1? or just n equals 2? Of course, we have to write it two times, and we have to write n equals 2, m equals 1, so the solution must be 1 plus 2. 1 plus 2. That's the solution. I will now talk about the Jacobi matrix of R, with the Jacobi matrix of F and G. Thank you for listening. So now we have one dimensional file. And then we have the Jacobi matrix that is applied. What will be the first step? So when that is applied from here, And here, it's given by f cringled g. What is that in one dimensional? Yeah? It's a kind of a triangle spine. I would like to know what is in one dimensional. How do you get the k-th dimensional in one dimensional? Yeah. So f3 for g-wise? In argument? You know, that's the Mach-Gestric. Mach-Gestric. So let's say now that it's more dimensional. When we say the Jacobi matrix is only the same, then we have the Jacobi matrix of F. We have to understand that g of x epsilon is also multiplied by g. That is the more dimensional Jacobi matrix of g. That is the more dimensional Jacobi matrix of g. under style x epsilon. That's it for today. We're going to talk about the Jacobi matrix of f and the Jacobi matrix of g. OK, so first of all, the Jacobi matrix of f yot f ausgewätter on. of x, epsilon, z, where f has three arguments. So the Jacobi matrix of three arguments. That is, you know, D1, f. The English word is a vector, they are so gross is we... or d dimension had be the vertebrae. But also, in fact, is f real vertex. So that's in front of one dimension. That's vector one dimension, or in front of a real itself. x epsilon z, d2 f x epsilon z, d3 f x epsilon z. So that's 1 over z. And then I have plus z minus epsilon. That's going to give me x4. This is a constant, because x is directly equal to 0. So let's say the function f of x applied to it is 1 over z here. So let's just do the same, but the function of the two variables applied to it is written. Okay. Okay now. Yeah, cosine. So the first one is epsilon. So that's what we'll do. And the second is cosine epsilon. And the last one? No. No. And the last one we'll do is k. k, k. of x epsilon, we get the first variable, and the second one. This must be a circle vector, because we must have every component of the spring. We get the first variable, because the first one is a spring. Rhein und leite nur nachte erste mariable in ab. As x was raised to epsilon, nach x ab geleite, it is einfach nur zwei x. Ah, kon, bei epsilon kom kann ik zwohr. Dan, eimel bitte die Jacobi matrix here ausrechnen. Okay. Okay. Yes? Where is the rest? Thank you. What's that? Upsilon? Then... Then... Yes, absolutely. Yes, no. Now I'm going to use the same Jacobi matrices. Now I'm going to write a letter. Um, let's see what we have here. So this is our name right now. Ahem. Also, jot gx ipsum ham wir direct das sted here, das ist, das ist, zwei, ix, ipsilon, null, 1, x, e to the power of epsilon. Next, we will write f times gx epsilon. 2, x, e to the power of epsilon. Yeah. E hoch upselon. A moment. E hoch upselon. Yeah. Richtig. So and yet we must know with an under multiplication. So here state a matrix product. So I multiply these two with this side here. And then come here in this row. Because two x a of epsilon plus epsilon plus epsilon. cosine x epsilon plus x cosine x epsilon plus a of epsilon x quadratic epsilon So this here is the first one, and this whole thing here is the second one. What controls? Vector one, two. One at the side, two at the bottom. Excuse me, what do you have? And for you guys, for you guys, it's very, very simple. So what we're going to do here is, yeah, so we're going to write it like this. You have f. Now we're going to write it as gx epsilon. I set here, of course, gx epsilon 1. This is x squared plus epsilon, x small epsilon, and a whole epsilon. That's my argument. That's what I'm talking about. Jot f1. The third argument is epsilon. The second argument is epsilon. And the third argument is epsilon. OK. OK. Yeah. This is the second part of the question. And my question is, how do you define it? How do you define it in a systematic way? What do you mean by that? Is it possible for you to write a comma or what? No. It's possible for me to write a comma or what. So it's actually a comma, a comma, a comma, a comma, a comma, a comma, a comma, a comma, a comma, a comma, a comma, a comma, a comma, a comma. How do you define a vector in what sense can it be defined as a sine vector or a sine vector? So when I say sine, I define a sine vector. And I write here a comma, so that you can see my z, my cosine, my epsilon, my x. And when I write a sine vector, I write it in this notation. And I can write that as a sine vector, and then here a transpose, a transpose, and then a sine vector. On the other hand, when I write a sine vector, I write a sine vector. But if you want to do it in a more efficient way, then you have to do it in a more complex way. And that's a simple way to do it. Yeah? What was the last part of the question? What was the last part? The last part, yes. Ah, OK. Yeah, then we'll end with the last part. Can you tell us how much time we have left? Yes, you know how much time we have left. I think here is all the time we have left. Ah, okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. OK. Sounds enough. Frag.