Okay, I'm recording the session, so as you all know that today is the group discussion of your favorite subject that is government communication. Now, a request called to switch on their cameras doesn't matter what the attendance is. Okay, what is equally important that we should speak in class. When I turn terms, we should speak, so I request each one of them to switch on the camera. So we had discussions in a class. and C class and this is the B class where we are going to have discussion. So I appreciate Rashi, a very participative that he has turned on a camera even without me telling. So for many I can see for many very good for many thank you for switching on your camera and what about others which on your camera as you all know that we are having a group discussion and there is no wrong answer. First of all, feel free that you will not be or you will not tell you even if you like if your views are somewhat of different. In fact, I was a few views encouraged. So I would request all of you to turn on their cameras because it's a new discussion and we'll participate. I'm happy that plus number of people are there. So we can have a, what you call is a compact class where few people are there and they can, they can, they can, they can, they can speak. Okay, so what, what, what are those? And would you? Yeah, Vedika, why don't you all turn on your cameras? Yes, just a request to all of you, turn on your cameras. And then we'll start, I'll teach you the way how we'll go about it in a beautiful way, systematic way, so that we can learn and we can understand and we can interpret. Vedika, is there a problem at the time, related to camera, the new job? Can see? Yeah, I said it's not supporting the camera. It's not supporting the camera. It's okay. So let us start. So whenever it supports you switch on. What about the new guy and then see Same case Okay, so the moment I tell you people's name. They are like exit. Let's run away from this class Like in tell us that So I disappeared by keeping it off because I'm not able to live so if I told them that someone start to video It does not giving me this much It's okay. I think that you try it, but if you can manage it so yeah otherwise we understand. Okay, so let us start. So see, as you all know that over a past week, we did set a background for corporate communication as to what corporate communication is. So initially, let us discuss and let us talk about it. There is no wrong answer in the case, no wrong answer, feel free. First of all, let us discuss what is corporate communication. We will discuss around the meaning of corporate communication and slowly and gradually we will take up in very important ones. Let us discuss what is corporate communication. Thomas, start. OK. What is corporate communication? So I would like to start first, turning to the background from where it started. So according to the research I did, around the native America, where in 70s, this storm was derived and should be coming to the picture. And I guess. it got 40 years old. Now the discipline is 40 years or 47 years old, corporate communication. And now I would like to somewhere else to take it further like the definition and what they think about it. So Rashi has talked about the origin of corporate communication. From where it came, and she's saying it came from America 40 years back. So if you take example of literature, 40 years is not considered to be old. It is not considered to be old. But it has a recent can put it this way that corporate communication has a decent district started in America. And in fact, all the literature that we are learning, it has come from the West, you take any textbook strategy, HR, corporate finance, everything like most of the Western thing that we are learning. So okay, so she talked about origin of corporate communication in 70s in America. Anybody would like to pick up from where Ashil left and talk about what is corporate communication was it? Come on, yes. So there is no wrong answer. My question is, what is corporate communication? So sure. I would like to speak. Sir corporate communication is a community. It's internal as well as external. And it is necessary to achieve some planned objectives of the company or the corporation. OK. So put me my single company. Now you can use your hand so that I can monetize. I can give those percent chance who raise their hand first up. So let me turn them over to you. is putting my saying that corporate communication is communication that happens with internal as well as communication that takes place internally as well externally. So, corporate communication has two components. One is internal communication which happens within the company and the second is the external communication which happens outside the company. So, yeah let us go to Susan and then we will discuss what for nemesis and what Susan will say. So, then over to you. Yes. So, I would like to add to what for nemesis said is that corporate communication. is basically it is like a way or a process where the company like you know gives out just strategies or messages to their audience like put them on mentioned internal and external. So that is what communicate a corporate communication is all about according to me. Corporate communication has many facets in the corporate communication. Communication touch every functional aspects of the company we're targeting we're advertising everywhere you see but the communication is communication is happening. But who is the company communicating? Come on, let me go to Vedika, Vedika is ahead and I'm coming to Rashi. Rashi, you can take the option of raising hand in Zoom. Now, let me go to Vedika, she has raised her hand. Okay, let us go to Vedika. Vedika, can you just build up on from where Rashi, Purnima and Susan have left? Vedika, what is that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Actually, according to me, I guess corporate communication is basically the interaction of the Vedika. the messages or whatever to all the stakeholders of the company internally externally and everywhere. We take up, you have to stay in the same corner. Open communication happens with stakeholders. It cannot happen in vacuum. So who are the stakeholders? According to your internal external. Can you elaborate more on the stakeholders? The stakeholders is like everyone employs the everyone who comes in middle level, top level, lower level, any one and even. the customers, the employees or the external factors also. Okay. So, Vedika is saying, when you say stakeholders, they're internal external internal. Let me throw some light on what Vedika is saying. Then I'm going to Rashi. Okay, let Rashi speak, then I will add my perspective. Rashi, what do you do? You can lower your hand. If you have finished, you can lower your hand. Rashi, what do you mean? Yes, Rashi. So, what I was saying is, why it is important to communicate internally? Like we understand it, why it is important to the external environment. obviously a company is established and they want to communicate what their motive is and what their vision, vision, mission. So that is obvious. But why it is so important to communicate internally? So the main reason is to establish a corporate culture in the company. When an organization is started, they have to build a commitment towards their employees. Anyways, the employees are the one who are going to take it further. So, it is very important to contribute your company's corporate culture, finding the right tone, you know, the frequency and the method for internal communication. So that as strong as you want and for longer term, it can be communicated to all the employees or the customers that what is that particular company stands for. For example, Tata, my favorite company. It stands for ethics and then go the age where my father works stands for their HR plans, they are concerned everybody towards the employees. Very good rashi for that important aspect other than the textbook she went slightly ahead. Okay, but rashi let me add something to where other guys have left and rashi picked up. First of all, understand who is who are the internal stakeholders. So let me take the decou- discussion further. When you say internal stakeholders, they are the employees, they are the board of directors, they are the managers, they are the shareholders, shareholders are interested in the company or the owners of the company. And when you talk about external stakeholders, they would be government, they could be creditors, they could be bankers, they could be other investors, they could be media houses, they could be press, it could be anything. And then she talked about why internal communication. important. It is all about building a organization culture. It is following the right methods and communicating to people and having a strong and robust culture. And she gave example of Tata's but Tata out of the way they deal with so many people this time for ethics, this time for values, this time for integrity and whatnot. Tata is the epitome of or a perfect example of how a corporate world should be that even if there are no laws, there are no ethics is enforced. But for Tata's ethics was not enforced. They did took it as a part of the corporate culture, which which Rashi did touched upon it. Okay. So yeah, any other discussion from where Rashi left and can we add something to the entire, we are still at the meaning of corporate communication. We are discussing about what is corporate communication, how it happens, and okay, come on. Yes, next. Yeah. Come on, come on quickly quickly quickly. Yes, yes. Okay. So internal. aspects so there is an external aspects so why should a company okay let me since the meaning part is settled now we all know what is corporate communication communication with corporate communication takes place internally as well externally with all the stakeholders yeah now let us enter into a new real a new area why corporate communication is important why other than building organizational culture first and ethics all those things why is corporate communication very very important yes come on let us just let us just need some of the There is no wrong answer, whatever you say will be covered. What are the merits of the competition? Yes, go ahead. To create a good public image. Susan, Susan, let me go to Dancy because Dancy has raised her hand first. Then we are coming to Purnima, Darci, Vedika. Susan, raise your hand. We will definitely give you your opportunity to have a participant in class. So let us go to Dancy, Dancy hasn't spoken yet. And follow raise your hand. We need your opportunity. Okay, let us go to Dancy, Dancy. Let me ask, for running business access fully. Okay. Anything else? Running, okay. To run up business successfully, you have to communicate. You have to talk. Either in oral terms, written terms or through so many other forums. Yeah. To run your business successfully. Any other thing. Then see that you think of why corporate communication is important. Okay. Let me ask, then see. Let's take a step coming to all of your videos you had. Then say you are part of placements and she can give us a good example. How communication happened in placements and when you just go live on it, you got because your association with placements is almost for two years. So can you just elaborate more on that and see? Like how we talk to the corporate people you mean to say? Yeah, just focus on that as well. Yeah, so accordingly we just make first market research about it, about the company. pennies about their working procedures and all about like uh uh uh prize up placements and members and then email has been forwarded and then the number has been checked and contacted I can say this is how the placements are works. Okay so maybe for the external people you are just finding their email IDs and mailing them about them and you invite them and the those convinced that that was the external aspect. How was communication happen? members because you all have a hierarchy, there is a president, there are vice president and there are teams, there are coordinators and there are team leaders and there are other people, how communication takes place and what was this close, what was not this close? First place has also been a group of cultural employees. So can you throw some aspect of the communication that took place or that takes place in our placement? So that will be an interesting insight from also. Yeah, has it worked as per the hierarchy or leader towards who are the vice president locate with the coordinators, president just make and decision and tell the wise, wise president and all the decisions are taken and the coordinators are the one who works. So in this way the hierarchy works and whatever decision is taken by the president, all the coordinators agreed to it like they ask for suggestion, but once it is like last year, then we have to agree for it, there is like... No other way we can see. Yeah, see, normally if you really want to have a very non-lasting relationship with people, so it is better at all this community. So I just, this is just thought maybe not connected to what Nancy said. This is a thought in my mind that communication is not so limited. If you don't communicate to someone for a very long period of time that relationship itself breaks and it has no meaning at certain point in that. So, I was just thinking about the analysis started out. How does it become a mechanism works? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, let me go to Purnima Darthim, then I am coming to Padmini, then I am coming to Rajivans again, and I am coming to Suzanne. Okay, come on. Let me go to Purnima, what do you do? So, since you asked that, why is communication necessary? Like a talking internally, internally Rajivans talked about it, right? externally talking, building up the image of the company is necessary. PR is also necessary, according to this demand will increase, the series will increase and the image of the company would be better. So, everything is a direct connection. Good, good, sorry. So, yeah, the communication is like good if the influence is good. It will directly affect the sales and simultaneously the company's image also. objectives of corporate communication. See there is something on a stop line and bottom line. Can you tell me what's the now this question is the whole class? I'm coming to all of you. What's the difference between top line and bottom line? What is top line and bottom line in corporate question? Or see anyone the one top line in bottom line? Yes. Yes, that's it. So as we studied the hierarchy level, the top line is obviously the ones who have the sexual knowledge. higher on the conceptual knowledge obviously and the bottom line is the other one who have the knowledge of functioner like what they have to do and see when the hierarchy goes it goes as a triangle. So in the conceptual level the top level comes the top line where all the CEO board of directors are there. One second question one second what would economic objectives. So top line and bottom line see. When we prepare a vertical profit and loss account rush and otherwise, all you listen, when we prepare a vertical profit and loss account, what is at the top line? Top we have sales, what do we have profit? So top line is sales and what am I is profit? You just remember the vertical profit and loss account that we prepare. At the top we have sales at the bottom we have profit. So when I say top line rush, this has to do with sales of the company. So if you have a brand image, if you have made a name for yourself or you are. the corporate identity is huge. The automatic in the customers are attracted and you need not push your product. But yes, the product gets pulled. So, top line is sales and bottom line is profit. What Rashi is saying that is the organization hierarchy by your top level really available in bottom line. Okay, okay, now let me go to Padmini. Then again, I'll come to Vidik and then I'll come to Rashi and Susan, come on. But, Midio, what do you? Yes, so I would like to talk about two examples. One is of Nestle and when it was when Maggie failed the FDA food standard. It was like a nightmare to their PFPI department. But they handled it very efficiently by making public statements and being cleared through their processes. And the second was when there was an attack on the charge hotel, 2611. Let's see it. So, the hardware business review, they praised the cash hotel because of how efficiently they took care of the prices. So, PR and communication helps companies to come out of their practice very efficiently and therefore it also helps them to keep their image in the market. Very good for me, she is talking about corporate communication takes care of prices any in terms of crisis management. Yeah, corporate communication. There's a very significant role that you come forward and you talk to people and you build trust and even if something wrong, as long as happened, you admit it that something wrong has has happened, take the case of Maggie, take the case of British Petroleum, take the case of so many other firms, people come and people like me. So they're the government communication place of very, very important role, okay? Now let me go to Suzanne. Suzanne has been busy and for a very long point of time. Then I'm coming to vinegar, Rashid. Yes, Suzanne, over to you. Zach, you turned my point already about, you know. being like the audience is very supportive during the other crisis like if you have a good trust with the audience they know that you know you're not doing anything wrong in future so that if you build that trust from the very big name so even if it's there is a point where the company is like on the verge of breaking down the audience will support it so that is what I was about right you know supporting the crisis. Thank you Susan, welcome to Vedika, we come to Rashi Purnima and Densi, come on Vedika over to Vedika, what are the merits of Vedika? Okay, so first of all, I will tell the merits like for internal corporate communication will tell about external. So firstly, what I think is it facilitate transparency through corporate communication. It creates a sense of transparency and employees so now if I'm talking about internal corporate communication, then it first and major thing is employees. So employees are more likely to buy to be in the company culture when they know what the company. is about. It builds a sense of trust. It builds a sense of trust and loyalty. And they're more likely to feel that they're the part of the bigger picture when managers communicate clearly with them. And externally, being transparent is also helpful in building trust with the clients. Many people are concerned with what a company stands for, not only what it makes. So of. The first thing is building the trust and the customers the external stakeholders They also feel more likely to stay loyal to the company that communicates openly and Transparently so this is what I feel very good. I think the vinegar has touched both the aspects Let us go to Rashid and become a tournament and see as you go to Yes I'm going back to the days where many vines first year and we had input to communication and there was direct communication in direct communication. And in direct communication we had body language. So if we are talking about corporate communication don't have to talk about body language of the company. So when we talk about body language of company that means indirectly or without, you know, actually communicating to the employees, how they are showing their concern or show. what they value to the employees even to the external resources customers and stakeholders. So I have a very beautiful example of that. Recently, back two years ago, we had a out of Spanish where they wanted to value two customs. It was at just sum up very quickly that the ad was about a Hindu right married to a Muslim guy. And the Muslim family is accepting her, and they wanted to show it at that. And he may wear it at that room. So to show the values like in their holds, and that the name of the jewely was at that room. But there was a load of controversy on that. When the ad was on YouTube, it had hatred as like what? People criticized it. But on the brighter side, I want to vote. a spokesperson of Paris. What he said was very nice, like we are deeply started with the inadvertent stirring of emotions and withdrawal, this film clipping, in mind that hurt sentiments and well-being of our employees, partner, store stuff. And they aren't the idea behind, like I explained and what they wanted to show. Now, at this very moment, we'll put your legs there. whenever there is a controversy people not only point out those people involved directly to that thing but in dialogue like family members obviously they have seen there are rape threats and what there are not people who want to return their Instagram but after this spokesperson said of the wish it was beautifully conveyed that they care their employees and the safety of the employees so they would do it the apologize and the... that they valued the emotions and sentiments of people at large and even protected their employees. So this is how you communicate your internal, as well as external stakeholders that be cared for you and we have as a company, hold ethics. Thank you. For example, we're going to actually give how company came forward and supported its people and apologize also. try to tell what message it wanted to do to do that at the teaspoons. Yeah, I remember it was a quick point where we'll see that happened and company manage its systematicity. Okay, very good rush for building that point. Okay, let us go to a density. Okay, density over to you. Yes, density. Can you hear me? Everybody's camera is gone now, suddenly. Only a few cameras on, but I think there is a pandemic rush here. Where's everybody's camera is with the same people. This is the only. class and class class in entire long-term period where you have to sit on your camera. Do you remember? Have you ever sit on your camera before I leave classes last year? No. It's only class I'm telling you too. And I will never tell you to sit on your camera before this level session. So this is a lively session where we feel that it was a certain extent. I sometimes forget that I'm in my home. People that have in college talking to you. Okay, let us go to Densy, Densy wants to say something. Thank you Rashi for bringing that people point. We talked about external communication and all about the audience and all, but internal communication is also important as per like customers what they require what are their requirements. And I guess top it looks after it very efficiently. Okay. So more. Okay. Yeah. important. Anybody else would like to then we'll proceed further. There is another aspect that will be discussing. Okay, so we talked about meaning of corporate communication. We talked about merits of corporate communication. Why it is important? Everybody spoke their point to their points. If you have further to say, let us go to Padmini Padmini, then again, last year is the hand Padmini over to you. Yes. Yes. So I would like to add towards the NC said, because there is a gradual change in this. two years, during the pandemic situations, there is a change in the way a company takes care of its internal communication. Like during the starting stages, they used to do the internal communication through letters or by personally going to each employee and telling them about the changes in the organization's rules and the upcoming details. But now I would... But after... sometimes they started doing this through emails, but nowadays they have taken their taking care of this through email through their social media and on a group or on online group discussions. Like before the pandemic, free work was like people used to travel to one place to another for attending meetings and conferences and there was very minimum use of online platforms, but during the pandemic and now also when the working conditions are starting to get normal, people prefer online more, more than the offline more. Yes, so now even that is a web meeting, multiple meetings and that is a part of public communication. Yeah, I'll give one example of what company is saying that in the other class somebody spoke that sir, I am working as an intern in certain form in a startup and there we have a lot of communicating. That's a very nice In fact, non-optic textbooks talk about what's so as a medium of communication. People are saying companies are using apps to communicate, but nobody is specific about which app. And what's up is so handy, so handy. Sending an email is rather somewhat difficult now for hands and tedious. Then simply typing and sending it to a big group. So yeah, that is one aspect. Let us go to Dashi again, Dinsi as well as the ad. Then what is the discussion? Set us, we'll take forward a beautiful step up, which is quite. of corporate communication. Rashi and Dins, Rashi, what do you mean? So, I was taking Padmini's point further and yours too. There is a term called as digital corporate communication. Now, when we talk about this, as we know, it is not that old concept corporate communication, but we have the company has to be well versed with the changing environment. It has to be dynamic and universal. So, I think... comes to that we have seen there is a error some companies that many of the companies are not noticing that nowadays the time has changed to communicate what self is not enough but the time has changed to memes now memes are the best way to communicate people at large and so matter has yes thank you sir so matter has rectified zomatos memes are so beautiful even their answers to the customers on Twitter handles or Instagram is hilarious. But for that, I have to share my screens. Can I share my screen now? I want to show some news. Please, please do her. And I really appreciate that you are so well prepared. So I'm allowing you to share your screen. You can share. I'm happy that this class is so well prepared and she is at her best. My goodness, she is getting a lot of good examples that it's a food for thought for me also. Come on, that's you. Okay, so this is- This is the one, so matter has shared like these are just mild today, it's Friday, it's end of the web, it's already our display picture, now I'll share the story behind it. Recently there was a thing called the tomato guy, smiling tomato guy, and that came because us happy riders, so no, anyone, remember, so no, yeah, yeah, I think that wasn't you're talking about the same person? Yeah. Yes, absolutely. So, no. So, what's the matter? It was not on purpose. It, it landed. We had to happen some TikTok girl took a video of Sonu and he was happy. So, what's the matter? Did he, they changed the display picture to Sonu and wrote fan, fan account, happy, happy rider. So, that was beautifully picture and played how happy the matter people are as a family. Now, another have to share a meme, and that meme is really, really serious once I get it. See, this is on me, Rashi, Prasadeh Vikanta, definitely not years from Bangalore, who placed 1,380 orders this year, that's almost four orders a day, sorry, okay, love. Again, this showed how much customers are important to the matter. See, the highest ordering customers was mentioned on the meme. So there is a recognition to the customers too, which is beautiful. Now I'll go back sharing the screen of one second. There's one more, and then we are done. This is, yeah, Mera area here, or Meri area with Kobe, interest, nahinkata. This is for Biryani, here, Biryani lovers, anyone. I love biryani over Italian pasta everything I love biryani the most because it's Indian culture then therefore pizzas everything this is all I'm going to do love they have kept each and every track of recent trends or recent virus they have kept they have kept the hold on everything which is awesome So, every conversation follows a follow it, but only is the matter is doing recently. Thank you, sir. Thank you, Rashi. Thank you for being so well prepared for this group discussion. I did anticipate that you will cross this limit. I'm happy and I appreciate you. And I really have lot of best wishes for you that you do great in life. Let's go to Purnima. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. I need to really appreciate this last group. We are telling number, including myself. But I project the kind of discussion that is happening. Great, great, awesome. Let's go to Purnima. Purnima has raised that. Purnima, what are you? Sir, she just now mentioned the name of that musical composer, Ashiraj Mute, also now he has composed the music of Pepsi National Team Lake Nasty Team, something. So, just it's trending now on Instagram. So, just, they bring the Pepsi and they sing the And just for the sake of meeting in the 90's, it's really like, it's because of this musical comes to the series of series of, so just for the sake of making reels, people are mind-fed. So it's really cool if, if you, this is the best way like, if you, because Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, all these apps now, we are the ones who use it most like sitting home to this is the only thing we do now. So, this is the best for PR. If you want to increase the sales, so this musical and he is the one he also has many countries like this, like not only Pepsi but others also. Purnima, it's a very good topic in fact to study the impact of social media advertisements appropriate since people can take a topic in their black group maybe the fifth semester. So, very decent topic, but Rashi and Purnima talking about. Okay, so yeah, so still might affect our holiday plans for Black Group that digital government are keeping. So for, I'm not, I'm not a marketing researcher, I'm an OBA chair, so maybe your topic can be borrowed by any of these guys, not by me. Okay, so yeah, let us talk about, see, since already you people have went ahead far ahead. And finally in the sense that my desktop. because that how do companies communicate? So I think a new, interesting insight we may, a main books. It's called name communication, we may. But how do you pronounce, maybe or maybe, maybe? How do you pronounce? So that's me, maybe, and some of you. So in terms of, to me it's a time booster. Me, okay, so me, my advertisement, so to me, you communicate. So what are the other channels or other forums by which you communicate, by which you come from here? communicate to so many people internal as the external. So how do companies communicate? Come on. Other than me, what are the other techniques of communicate? Come on. Yeah, right. Anything? Yeah. So social media profiles are there of companies. Companies have YouTube channels for the most person. Equity is meant sponsors. Equity is meant sponsorships. Yeah, social channels and my friends. Jonathan Maxxins. because great fans in Marathans company takes sponsors, they set up their protocol as banners, posters and placards so many things that is part of it. Other than this, how to complete a company's community, come on, yes, that's your thinking back, reading back to my topic, body language of the communication, there is a term which was coined by George Silverman, word of mouth. Some words like that, yeah, word of mouth. So for that, you don't have to hire someone or you have to make a social media account and do something. You just have to make quality products or do a CSR, best thing nowadays your companies are holding it and they are competing in CSR now. Even for charity or something, they're competing like who will invest or who will donate more. So that is the way of communicating, I'm linking to that or the topic also that how companies communicate. So in that, and by doing CSR, they can spread both of board of mouth that this company is really awesome. Why do I love Tata? Because ethics. I have ethics so I love Tata. So they have made a, you know, well established communication. I mean, they don't even know me, but they have built, they have caught one thing that I like and now I'm into Tata. Same as Gautrech. Gautrech cares about the employees family. They are not. A lot. When it comes to me, I have a sentimental connection to Godraic, like, yeah, they love my father and how they treat us, how the hospitals are free for us. So this is the way you are can spread word of mouth, again body language. Okay, so body language of company is that's an interesting topic which she has touched upon. Okay, great. That's an awesome topic. So let me carry forward this discussion. And where as she talked about, CSR, like... companies build a powerful brand about themselves. And so yeah, that is something very, very meaningful about it. So what are the other vehicles by which companies communicate? Okay, CSR is a powerful individual of communication. What about the people? Through offers, to offer, like to provide various offers, like compared to UN, it tells you it's running more better. that's rechargeing just our different less we can say it provides own mobiles so to you we can say body language so body language of geo so body language of operates okay it reflects on the policies and it reflects on how they engage with so many people okay great great awesome nice point something very interesting just think about what are the other vehicles other than what you just mentioned about so many things expertise by and social media of course What are the scores? But in code words, what are those code words, Rashi? Can you just tell other skin vultures? What are those code words? Again, I can give you example recently a code will happen on Twitter. I'm on Twitter. I'm not a person to tweet, but I observe how people will be here on Twitter. So on Twitter, I'll link it up. It happened between HDFC and ICSC back. And personally, I like our ICSC band calls obvious. please hassle speech. But HDFC, sorry, if this is gonna go on YouTube, HDFC is not doing my bank account. So HDFC is really slow and app is really, even to add a pay, you have to do a hell lot of process. But coming back, it had a cold war between them, how they were trolling each other, and how they were talking to each other, not hurting the sentiments, with you can clearly see that. how much we did those two companies have for each other. So that is a goal for between on social platform. I understand that this corporate rivalries they take various forms. But cold war, physical form of a communication where company is talking to people, or maybe the reaction, maybe ICIC or SDSV is reacting systematically or reacting constantly norms. It is equally respectable that's how the company responds. than something wrong happens. So how do you respond that equally tells more about the community? I remember in 1990s, this polarik FC war was very common. They had all the celebrity endorsements, Almar, and so many other people. And so many celebrities and those in a particular brand, I think that Chippuma was the Shah Rukh Khan was the retake Russian war's advertising for pull-as. There was a big war between Subshim Pola. And that war was very visible. And then I think we'll be all... this water between this nirma and surf and so many so many wars are there. So yeah, but even how you react to those cool wars, even that tells a lot about your strategy, about your way of dealing with your opponents, even that becomes a part of the overall strategy. Okay, anything else that you like to contribute to like to add up on can reflect on it or share your perspective. Okay, so let's let this slightly thing this. property for a different level. How many of you are doing internships or have done internships in the past? And what were your experiences there when you were working in that company? How was company, what was strategy companies had in place? How the PR machinery or the PR department of the company was most functioning so that ultimately they achieve the desired outcomes which they are wanting for themselves? Anybody wants to share the experiences on that front? Maybe. Hello. Yes, no more internship. Sir, I'm a completely newbie. Beyond, beyond as. Okay. Anybody else? Anybody else? Yeah. I would I would really love to advise you that please please have some internship experience on your resume that that really adds lot of value and you should really have. I can tendency wants to say something that's essential. Yes, then you will like I haven't completed internship, but now I have some pro some link or some Google. I just start about it and I joined it that meeting it was very a Prox 400. people. So in which it depends upon us, we have to do internship or not. So they gave us some target to do that target after achieving that target. Now they will had given some gift or like cash amount. So this is the one way and they said us keep you if you want to join people like if we are giving presentations in college, they can collect more number of people and not only in Mumbai like… all over contact wherever we have through friends. So I thought this was also one of the communication where college students has like they are in the mindset to do internship. So this was one of the best way. They said like give us the contact number and we will communicate with the college and with the authority and everything was done that way. So I just update it was not comfortable for me. So this was one of these statues. we can see they have kept us at our department and marketing where this department worked like creating sessions and all. Thank you sir, Dancy for sharing that. Let us go to Permili. She has raised her hand. Permili over to you. We have last four or five minutes. So maybe one or two comments and then we'll wind up the session and I'll approach this on YouTube. It will be there for your future up and because this is one of the excellent group distition that I had. Thank you so much. and come on. We could final quick comments about public communication. Any experience, any anecdotes, or any personal insights that you have, or you have read, or you have come across, or whatever notes I have shared, maybe you agree or disagree. Whatever you can share. Let us go to, I think, the committee here is your hand. Pardon me? Yes, sir. I'm going to go ahead and... So, I was reading. Yes, sir. I was reading an article. It was about the 6th of communication summit. I guess it was held at... And the Leon Mumbai don't know the location properly. There were many big companies that participated like Coca-Cola del and then Bajaj alliance and all. So they came to an conclusion that currently they are about 50% of the gen by people in the corporate world and the up till 2025 this percentage will go up to 75%. So what companies are trying to do is they are trying to target the younger audience. And as the younger audience is more technologically, they are trying to develop their base and they are trying to adapt to more technical ways of communicating with people. And I guess there is an influence of artificial intelligence. Our digital intelligence is adopted and it is affecting the corporate world and it is changing everything up and down. Thank you Padmani for touching that interesting aspects. Now we'll go to Lashi and we'll take Vidika to wind up the session. Rashi is today very well prepared and she gave us a lot of food for thought like at the guys. Rashi second last and then we'll after Vidika's comment Vidika's. It's more beautiful thought. Wait, where does she? Sir, there is one more one more thing whenever a company is trying to win a promo. or it's self. There are, it's not in the hands of company to control. Linking back to, again, to my example of tonnish, I want to show, I had a screenshot of it. I want to show the tweets of two people. One is support, two both of them actually are supporting the tonnish ad. But you can see, sometimes people's tweet, really ruins the whole environment. You know, the bill, Tanish given it or something that even after we're doing the ad, it made us believe that we did wrong. Tanish was not wrong. But when there was those guys tweet, even if it was of supporting Tanish, there had errors. And he is none of, I don't want to mention the name, but anyways, screenshot will show their name. I want to share don't chat the screen, because social media, it is full of like, abusers of So it has a negative aspect. So also positive aspects of also there. So I am happy that you touched upon that work. Let us view Vedika, the final one. Vedika she has raised her hand and she is only student she has raised her hand. So Vedika, just closing remarks from your side. Yeah, so I actually want to conclude. So can I do that? I have to be a solution for conclusion. If you see on the stages, you ask me how would you get different? Go ahead, Vedika. So according to me, in conclusion, the… Organization has to be very much sustained and successful so that they're effective for for it communication strategies. Because it is very essential and because of that, they can achieve like great heights. And I can expect of the unpredictable nature and the diversity, the changes in the stakeholders growing up a corporate communication strategy can in fact be very challenging for every organization, for every company. So sometimes they go order still lack commitment to an organization no matter how the organization tries to keep them informed or informed or no matter how transparent they are. So according to me, whatever the circumstances are, transparency and building the trust is very much important for every organization. Thank you very much and we are in top of the session now, let me thank each one of you appreciate and I have your names and I'm really thankful and really glad that everybody contributed and thank you so much for making my day. It was a wonderful discussion and I wish you the very best family. This is the power of your giving us the opportunity. So you had more opportunity that only like even full I will be giving my best but only I want what you call as enthusiasm from your side. If you are enthusiastic like this the way you are today, I would be doubly enthusiastic and I believe that online lecture is not a constraint in itself. In fact, it has a lot of merits. Though we have a single college days, but it can make us learn better if we regularly interact, if they become well prepared in class and if we act to class discussions because you know something, I know something everybody contributes, we will collectively end up learning many more things. So that is precisely the purpose and this being at your best you really made my day. And thank you so much. And I'm uploading all the class group discussion on YouTube. You can see that Class A, Class B and Class C. I will not judge who is better and who is all this thing that is none of my business. And but you can definitely see C2 yourself that which class has made a more unique and contributed work that I'll leave it to you all this stuff. So thank you so much. It was nice being you all. Thank you so much. God bless you all. Take care. Thank you so much. Bye. Bye. So thank you so much.