So good afternoon everyone. So we had gone through the process of GTO briefing now, we will start practicing it now, clear? So your first test is group discussion where I will be giving you two topics. After giving you these topics I will be giving you two minutes of time to discuss among your group members and decide which topic you would like to discuss on. My first topic is, as you all know, there is some ethical violence in Manipur, a non-instant state of India, quite burning issue, so my first topic is, what is the biggest reason you believe, is for Manipur ethnic violence? Is it geographical distribution in the state? Is it communities language in the state or is it political vendetta over there? My second topic is what is the biggest concern for Indian society at present? It should be busy. education, it should be safety for women or it should be high unemployment and giving you So, all of you have decided, you would like to go on to the second topic for discussion. I will repeat that topic once again. What should be the biggest concern to Indian society at present? Is it basic education or it should be safety for women or it should be high unemployment? When I will be giving you 10 minutes of time to go for a group discussion and reach a conclusion, your time starts now. I think you are quite, but in my opinion, basic education is the most necessary thing for your society like we all are dead. But they did not feel dead education. That's what I'm saying. It's been very good for this business, it's been hard. So that's what I'm saying. It's been very good for me. You know what I mean? It's been very good for me. It's been a very tough time. It's been a good time. I didn't think that it was done in 2013. We're going to see a lot of videos, and we're going to see it, and what they have not been there. They have not been there. Okay, so now I will be giving you another topic, but here I will not be giving you any choice. Second topic for group discussion is, what should be the biggest concern of a youngster selecting any career right it should be job security it should be financial stability or it should be social status clear again I will be giving you a time of 10 minutes to go for a discussion and reach on a conclusion your time starts now Anywhere that I had the most slow volume practices in this particular system are from the first time here, you will know that my files have done a lot of changes. Let's go to the point for one, take that on fire, just to go there, we'll now have a lot of money. We came up with one, they didn't get a few slides. So, we have to go from one day, even since the other floor was last. And we'll be off the ground here. We needed to go to the cost, but because like I said, we must put that in both. And we can see the most important Thank you. We will all want to go to the tank. We will not know what to do to go. And we will have to have a public, public, public sector development. We want to have a public sector who can invest in such a community. We want to have the education and community and we need to have a community. It's not good, it's not good. It's good in a special country. Now, sub-zip and a gd mem would just sub-zip. Pile number pair Chalagadha, Jessica participation, Jessica contribution, Muji Samadmi Aradha, that was just number 12. Lakean Dusre group discussion may occur, Kake, Enkaju miracle contribution as the Jupylla group discussion, the Wapar, the contribution provided by him to group was standing on number two. Group discussion, two may I, Thonka contribution, vodhanicega, it was falling down to number three. First group discussion, number three was 198. Second group discussion is contribution, vodhanice. was rated as number one. And third group discussion, his contribution was rated number two of Iskeba, dicta 4th, that was of chest number 18. In second group discussion, his contribution was rated number two. And in third group discussion, his contribution to his graph was rated number four. Fifth was chest number 110. In first group discussion, he was rated number 5. In second group discussion, he was again rated number 5. And third group discussion again, he was rated 5. So no improvement. Number 6 was chest number 177. So, he was rated number 6, his contribution was rated number 6 again in group discussion 2 and his contribution in group discussion number 3 was rated number 7. So, no improvement rather there was a decline to push. Number 7 was 142, number 7 in first group discussion fall in down to number 8 in group question number two and further in group discussion number three he is ranking was number six number eight was chest number 33 so in first group discussion she was rated number eight second group discussion she was rated number seven and in third group discussion she was rated number ten 9th was just number 175, he was rated number 9 in first group discussion, number 9 again in second group discussion and number 11 in third group discussion. Number 10 was just number 46, in first group discussion rated 10. Second, number 10, third group discussion, number 9. Just number 79, in first group discussion, he was rated number 11. In second group discussion, again, he was rated number 11, and in third group discussion, he was rated number 8. Second, take up, it may say of the quote, K, you can indeed engage a range. There we go. 1, 2, 3, 4, 4. 57, 6, 6. 8 wow. 5, 5, 4, 6, 6, 9. 5, 5, 7! 3, 8, 4, have 1. And then, we will have to do this. We will have to do this. We will have to do this. We will have to do this. Is it clear? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Stay healthy.
