to every group. So what you have to do when you get the questioner is you take 3 minutes to read the questions and give solutions to those questions and by taking it on your step. How do you visually color vegetables do they make you some species or not? Do you even think of before buying them? Do you think they are really bright? How many of you have answers like 4 or 5? Great. So I think my kids are really good. Give me examples where you have thought that you or your parents might have been cheated in the market as a consumer. During lunch break I went to my school canteen and I bought two fruities and the shop keeper was gave me expiry fruities. What did you do then? My teacher told me that you have to first you have to notice that what you are buying or you have to notice. the date, manufacture date, thank you, please sometimes my mama goes to cosmetic shops, then the shopkeeper pays the, pays the duplicate MRPs on the MRP slips and they increase the rate and my mama never notice that this is not the original MRP. are cheating us. Why do you think that he sells all the producers cheap? Can you deal with groups and discuss? So to make profit, they send them on a high rate or on a day since many times this sells expiry date object so that they can make money on that because they have He maintained many customers. Firstly, we have to aware about that with that expiry date, manufactured date and the MRP. I really like the poor coffee I share as a consumer. You have to be what? You have to be aware. I bought something from a website, right? I paid this method. Everything happened. I kept checking, I kept tracking my order. But it never came like it never got delivered. So I wrote an email key. Okay What is happening? Why you're not sending my you know you you said that it will be the nerd in it for 10 days They did not reply there was no phone number on the website So what do you think they would have done again get back to your groups and come back you have a minute I Really like how you guys are discussing so deeply and finding solutions without even having a lot of knowledge based You know prior knowledge to this. Okay. Anyone who wants to share? You can send, you can post complaints on the social media. This is a great idea of letting other people know what is happening, but will it deliver my product? Maybe because of the fear of that, the website could try to post. You can show it to maybe police, so they inform the police right into it. Official, I can register an official. Come here. Even before going back, what steps can we take? We need to know what lives to we have, okay? How many of you have to like? Great, remember your faces, remember each other's faces, right? How many of you love to research? Great, how many of you would love to do something in policy and government? Okay, let me, let's say hands. It's a lot of studies, right? How many of you have scientists? Ok, now we are going to get into the robot in the ropes, and you have to open the chapter of the robot and look into the right to information, researchers, raise your hands. Ok, right to choose, start reading, right to choose, right to us, right to see the what you see, make us, right to it, right to it. take 10 minutes to read for you and discuss it in your group also I'm writing two websites on the board you can use those websites okay this group is actually doing making a poster right your artist you will make a poster but what will you get a poster on so you need to know a few things for example I have given you questions like what can be now you have you got a poster for me how will you ah on your message to your body, where you do the policy makers. Okay, have you heard about your organizations in your review that are actually working right now on the Zoom app in your guides? When you are making policy, what do you have to keep in mind like what are the nearest top consumer forums you can put? Now you've got to know that you are at the model police who can be involved in the model. So policy makers, these are your questions, what actually would you want to work on, which you can don't see. already in India. So, it means a lot of research again. Research is what is accepted through from the policy makers. We are researching only what that are right as a consumer. And my research for that, I think to make awareness and to make other aware about consumer or right. Guys, reach out to researchers in policy makers. They will make something that needs different research. So, you guys open up a rally in Jangilkuri right show your posters what can you guys do write us. So, we can aware about them the consumer rights and organization which are made up of HR helping the consumers and who are cheating they can also write a letter to leader of their association. and create. You can write and create letters. So, where you have 20 minutes now to create independently or in your group, a lot many things. for this is like making some kinds of formings. The right of formings is not easy. It is easy. It is easy. It is not easy. It is not easy. You can't be able to. For the trees to make sure that it is good. We can also search on the point which is which I am hungry to eat. You can see why the call is not working or if it is working, okay? And then, if there is any drawback, you can walk off the surface. For the queue point here, information on the TMA is also going to be here. Which can describe the product as, yeah, market rate, guys. What are the many questions inspired this type of tea? We have to search on this. It's funny and they will interest you to do that, right? Please let's quickly go through the process. What do we do when one who is presenting? Making notes, okay. And please ask questions. We have to be listening. We have any feedback from the group. We will just present you material present what we have, we will present what you have been working on and so we will start talking. It is totally fine. We find the format that how can we write the letter? We can write the letter. First we have to write the R address and the R CT state or ZIP code. And then we have to write the data that on which data are we are writing the letter. And then what time, I am sorry, what kind of letter is it? It is a common letter. It is what? It is a common letter, it is what? Consumer identification letter? No. It is a common letter, it is a common letter. Complete letter, ok, ok. What would be the address? You will post if you are leaving in this area, in the address. So, these we can post it through this state commission A block because for one, IP state, new value 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 2. These are just every resource about state commission. What do they do? They solve the problems that take the problems of money which are between 20 lakhs to one curve. Then only you write to the state commission, otherwise if you have a problem with TV and the company is not taking it back, who will you write to? This table, this table is consumer forum, you go to the consumer forum, have to attach some important documents as well that we got some papers when we buy things. So that's it. What do you call those papers? Foreign tea cards. Foreign tea cards. And the pills. So now you know why is it actually important to ask for a pill? I said if we pack a pill now or for the writing group, we really found a good introduction of letter. How do we write the helpers to know how to write? But as a team, they want to conclude all the person while presenting the... That's nice. I am here to talk about the ISI egg mark in the full format of ISI's Indian Standard institution. So ISI mark is a certification mark for the industrial production only India. It certifies that the product conforms to the Indian Standard and mention the same digit number on the top of the mark which is dived. Loved by the Bureau of Indian Standard. What about Elma? Do you have something about Elma? No, they are both really. OK, so basically, Elma is only on the food product. So, you can put your family and we see a little, maybe food product. OK, OK, guys, you need to jam, jam, jam. I was also seeing it on Wendy, who went by other package products, like chips, like concerts, like nine-slay. You really should be checking these marks, you can actually verify the quality of the work. Alright? Okay, policy makers. We have discussed about one of the organization and that's corporate consumer protection act. There are some rights of consumers. First right is right to safety, right to be informed, right to be heard, right to be registered, right to be education. Maybe they are doing some cheating with the consumers, they are selling... So maybe at the higher prices they are selling not a good product like that means they are doing something unfair So basically copper is working for the consumer rights So policy makers talk about what are the work done for any founder that you want to leave in the world In Monday, many times they serve vegetables and fruits and vegetables which are covered with vegetables So many are so they attract the consumer consumer In that case, the car price is not working by taking service from the people who are living in the small towns, like any in my days, and we can also send people for inspections, so that we can, we can, we can know that the car price, the policy is working well or not, the consumer is getting their rights or not, we have said that we can reform. policy by maybe writing later to the government and saying that they can offer being machines will be very less rate to the people so that the consumers are not cheated by themselves. We are artists and we are made these posters. My process is just telling about the old people have to be right and form about products and their goals and equality symbols. or they will have the right to buy anything without cheating or have the rights to stand up against the product if they were wrong about Ears point. This is where we are left. There is side effects, side effects warnings on usage, branch number and your phone number and this is the same place of an educated paper, so they can understand from... This is the same place. Thank you for having me. Thank you for giving me audio images. Send us a link for hearing the class. How much aware do you feel as a consumer on your hands? What do you like? Are you fully aware of being a consumer? Is there still something that you can research on? Go back and leave? Yes.