All this space and time doesn't exist anymore. I think that's the choice. I don't think it's possible. Free will? This is not how you do it, free will is what? I've been working on a bike and I've been driving it. I've been riding it for a long time, light green. And I'm guaranteed that I'm going to be there forever. If you've got the chance then you're going to be there forever. I don't know how to say it So, past, present, future, there is no such thing mathematically. Physics is not a big bang for time. No, it's not. There are many cultures where time is circular, like the sea. Yes, it is. There are many Hindu and Bharti sciences. So, there are many, there are many, there are many, there are many. And there are many. If you look at it, you will see that there are many people. And if you look at it, you will see that there are many people. You will see that there are many people. There are many people. I don't mean it, I'm saying. They are all working on their own, their own philosophy, their own philosophy, their own methods, their own science. All these methods are being used in science and they are getting used to it. Really? Yes, that's why I am going to teach them. They are all doing their own work and they are all doing their own methods. So, after a long time there is the Sufi Tramp here, I will see you in the next video. The topic is free will. I don't want to be free. I want you to check it out. If you don't want to be free, then you have to watch the video. The topic is free will. I don't want to be introduced to it. Sir, I want to talk to you. If you don't like it, then why don't you set up? No, I won't. No, I won't. I will show you my channel. I will show you my setup. When I was a child, I was told that what I am doing is not free will, it is not just free will, it is a scientific point of view. It is also a philosophical point of view, what is free will? When I was a child, I was told that what I am doing is not free will, it is a scientific point of view. I have a philosophy in psychology, which is that you have to be free will. You have to be free will. If you are a teen, you have to be free will. You have to be free will. I have to say that I don't think it is heavy. This is my personal identity problem. I have to be free will. And by chance, I will be free will. I have to be free will. This problem is known as the problem of personal identity in philosophy. This problem is known as the problem of personal identity in philosophy. There is a ship of Theseus around here, that is a part of the ship. There is no captain available in this ship. There is a follower of theseus who is a follower of the ship of Theseus. In this aspect, there is a political philosophy called Possessive Individualism. I have been in a lot of detail in my life and I have been in a lot of good things in my life. I have been in a lot of good things in my life. I think that when you are in a lot of actions, you are in a lot of pain. You are in a lot of pain psychologically and philosophically. You are in a lot of pain. I have been in a lot of bad things in my life and I have been in a lot of bad things in my life. The scientist's point of view is that there is a special theory of relativity. What I am saying is that what is the point of this point? That free will doesn't exist. Because in philosophical terms, free will doesn't exist. Free will is the philosophy of freedom. That's what I am saying. That's what I am saying. That's what I am saying. Everything is predestined, pre-decided. Everything is I will show you the world of the world, and I will show you that world. God has decided, that I will be free will. I will be free from nature. I have been told that I have a lot of money, because I have to pay for it. That is why I cannot pay for the gravity of the earth because the earth is not going to be free. I am not going to pay for the earth. I am not going to pay for the earth, because my money is not going to be paid for it. If you are willing to talk to somebody and they want to give you free will, feel free will, feel free to do it. So that God's nature can say, you don't understand the history of your free will, feel free to do it. You have to have the right to see the action and the causation. You want to see, and you are creating a cause, and that cause is not dependent on your opinion. So, if I can perform at least one action, which is dependent neither on God, nor on nature, nor on causation, then it is my free will. Causation is my free will. This is the association between the mind and the subconscious mind, the mind and the This is the unconscious mind, the mind and the unconscious mind, the mind and the unconscious level. This is the intuition of the mind. Intuition is nothing but unconscious reasoning. I thought that I should do a time-hatch episode 4. I thought that I should do a 2nd episode. I thought that I should do a 2nd option. I thought that I should do a gravity jump, but I didn't feel like doing that. I thought that I should do a free jump, but I didn't feel like doing that. I was not able to do that. So, I thought that I should do a scientific point of view. And that is why I did a Michelson mould experiment. I thought that I should do that. particle be have wave double slit set so that you can see the observation of wave or vertical change no no no no young's case is not you are a child young's case is simple sunlight is used in paper 2 slit cut TV or interference pattern and the whole thing is that you are a wave and you are a wave and you are a wave and you are a wave and you are a medium and you can see the sound the sound is medium so medium It's very simple. It's a medium wave, a light wave. It's a very important concept. It's very important for newton to have a lot of relativity. It has a lot of relative speed. I think it's very important for me. If my father trains me, or if I go to sleep in a sleeper class, he will train me. He will train me. It's very important for me. It's very important for me. It's very important for me. It's very important for me. But you don't know what gravity is. Space time is like gravity field. What about mass space time? What about mass space time? What about mass space time? I don't know what gravity is. I don't know what the big bang theory is. Big bang theory is what you know. Big bang theory is what you know. But what about big bang theory? The ultimate question to answer. I don't know what the big bang theory is. I don't know physics. Metaphysics is very important. So, what do you think about metaphysics? Speculate it. Yes, yes. So, one of the points is that science is a topic. I told you that science is a topic. I told you that it is a philosophy. Same topic. So, in Einstein's case, I think the speed of light is constant. And that is why it is so important. That is the second point. So, I think that science is a topic. So, one of the points is that science is a topic. I am bad here. Distances, beach, travel, all these concepts are there. Big bang is the most important thing. You have to spend time with it. It is a concept that is time and time is there. Time is there, so time is not there. You have to do it. You have to do it. You have to do it. Time is there, so time is controlled. You have to spend time with it. Relative time applies to human beings. So relative time and what cultures do you think that time is circular? It is very simple. There is a kind of pendulum shape, like in the Bharti Samsati, the Hindu Samsati, the Sathya Yuga, the Treta Yuga, the Dvapara Yuga, the Kalyuga Yuga, and the Kumbhaya Yuga. Jainism may be. It is a circle. It is a pendulum shape. So, space over time, external reality is now okay. We have built in-built capabilities, structures, that we can only perceive through time. So, time is not enough. We have to have time, time is not enough, time is not enough, time is not enough, time is not enough, time is not enough, time is not enough. So, the scientific point of view is that there are a lot of possibilities. Yes, there are possibilities. What do you mean by that? I think that Einstein, what is the reason for his free will? What is the reason for his freedom? Now, it is the same thing. It is time absolute. It is time absolute and relative. So, experiment is that you train in the centre of the train. You train in the centre of the train. And you train in the platform. Time absolute. What is the free will relation between the two of them? Time is absolute. It is not free will. Time is absolute. But time is not absolute. Eventually it is not. Time is absolute. Time is bound by time. Time space is bound by time. So the past, present and future are the same mathematically. And if you solve them mathematically, you will solve them. Eventually nature will behave. Nature will behave. Super gravity is very important. You have to bend the space time. So, time is absolute. It is the same. If you apply this equation, then the speed of light is the same. I have a science point of view. If the speed of light is not the same, then the tension is not the same. If the past, present or future is not the same, then the speed of light is not the same. So, the tension is not the same. No. The speed of light is not the same. The platform of the train is like a train. It is like a triangular shape, light travel. The train is like a train, light is not a platform. The train is like a train, so the speed of the train is like a speed of the train. Still the speed of the train is the same. So the time is slow. The time is relative. Time has shifted, and now I am in 3rd place. I have seen that I have 2 business people. I think that both day to day examples are very different. I have seen TV, I have seen the match and the cricket. And I think that there are 2 different systems. There is a TV and there is an internet. I have seen that in the south, the internet is very small. And in the west, the TV is very small. So time has changed and the poor people are still in the house. I think that is a very similar signal. I think it's very similar. That's all I have to say. Time, the motion and distance are the same. Yes, yes. I think that when I am in a place where I have a lot of time and a lot of energy, I will be able to do it slowly. So distance will depend and speed will depend. If you look at Andromeda Galaxy, you can see the light is there. Distance is there. And I think that the speed will be there. The speed will be there. If you look at the distance, you can see the light is there. because of distance The second point I want to make is that the speed of flight is the same It is the same as before. The speed of flight is the same. The speed of flight is the same. The speed of flight is the same. If there is a galaxy which has a perception of time, this galaxy is a super bat. So, if there is a time that is not coming, then what will be the effect of this? The universe is the same as the universe. There are experiments, thought experiments. I have seen that there are two mera and two mahas. I will see you in the next video. I was thinking that if I move, I will be able to move. So I will be able to move. But, technically I will use my hands. My hands will not be able to move the Endometer. I can't use my hands. I will use my hands. But, if I use my hands in the same motion, I will be able to use my hands in the future. And if I use my hands in the future, then my hand will not move. Same thing is happening with my hands. So if I use my hands in the Endometer, then my hand will not move. So, if you look at the structure, you can see that it is very small, it is very small. It is thought experiment. It is the Andromeda paradox. It is the Einstein relativity. It is very small. There is a lot of work to be done. There is a block theory. There is a space-time fabric that exists in the space-time fabric and in the space-time fabric, there is a lot of dimension. In the space-time fabric, there is a lot of free flow. There is a lot of dimension. So, I jump a little bit. And when I jump a little bit, there is a lot of dimension in the space-time fabric. absolute level. The philosophy of free will is that generally there are two levels of freedom. There are only two levels of freedom. If there is a sense of freedom, there is no choice. There are two levels of freedom. If there is a philosophical or religious mood, there is no choice. There is no choice. If you exist, then you will be able to live in the same world. If you have a dialectic understanding of the universe, then you will be able to understand the universe. If I say to you that you are a man of the universe, and you are a man of the universe, then you are not a man of the universe. You are a man of the universe. You are a man of the universe. But it is not possible for us to manage the levels. And if we manage the levels, we will be able to manage them. So if we manage two levels at a time, one level will become a free will. The other level will become a free will. If we manage two levels at a time, we will be able to manage them. No sir, I don't think that I have the right to be a free will now. I don't have the right to be a free will now. I am not a criminal. I am not a criminal. I am a mass murderer. So 13.8 billion years ago I was a murderer. I was a free will now. I am not a free will now. that you have to be careful about the and not the nature of the human being. Yes, that is a common philosophy. Free will is the only way to stop it. But if you are not able to respond to it, if you are not able to do it, if you are not able to do science, if you are not able to do biology, if you are not able to stabilize, then you are not able to do it freely. You are not able to do it. You are not able to do it. In the interest of the movie, you know what? If you are not able to do it, then you are not able to do it. What do you mean by that? Science is not a philosophy. Philosophy? There are many interesting movies. The interesting movie is called Vamool. Vamool is stabilized. Vamool is like a space or time. When you are in the past, you have to change something. You have to change something. You have to change something. The problem is that when you are in the past, you have to change something. You have to change something. timeline when you are yes sub it me hi tea bakwas chisom is a tea a kiki multi verses kahuna is le laya gata quantum mechanics many quantum mechanics durgaty eva soon ke observation changes result merry observation guess up see mother it's way what mr. mother look so when the path is statement go he has an ekam are in the cojada with a kata matlak it don't kisi be very kisi say interact karlo get open ako behavior change got it electron kabi for wave the kaya kabi particle dekavo interactions The question changes result hai agar observation pe duniya depend kar rahi hai. Yeh doh sabi thuy chu kya hai. Yeh doh sabi thuy chu kya hai. Toh isko bachane glek theory dekhe thi quantum mechanics mein. In philosophy mein yeh thiri bahut pura nahi hai. Bharat mein Buddhism ki ek shakha hai maha hai na prasad naam su naaga maha hai. Maha hai an ki ek shakha hai yoga sariv jayan vat. Ino nahi jo bahat kahi thik wahi bahat modern time mein berkhle nahi pashim mein kahi. Arindo no ki thot yeh hai ki bahar kuch exist kar thai nahi hai. You perceive it, that perception is the reality. To be is to be perceived. What do you perceive? You perceive it, you don't have to. You don't have to. You perceive it, you don't have to. You are not able to perceive. You perceive it. You don't exist. You don't exist. You don't exist. You don't have to. You don't have to. This is the only possibility. There are only two possibilities. And there are only one possibility. And I think that in the next few days, the randomness of the people who are coming to you, will be the ultimate freedom. Yes. In the next few days, the randomness of the people who are coming to you, will be the ultimate freedom. Exactly. You are right. This is what is interesting about neuroscience. This is an experiment that we have done in the last few years. The same has happened in neuroscience. Free will is a concept of illusionism. It is not a free will. It is a deterministic philosophy. Deterministic philosophy is not used in determinism. This is a hard core determinism. This is a classic scientist. So, determinism is not a theory of neuroscience, it is a free will and illusion, it is a Brahman. It is a free will that helps us to be free. So, experiment is done. Experiment is done in an easy way. So, the brain and the mind are the same. The brain is the physical part and the mind is the conscious part. The brain is the conscious part. But the level of consciousness is the neural decision that is the level of action. So the free will to survive is the free want. Free want is against the will. So the free will to survive is the free want. So in our consciousness, the neural activity is the decision that is the level of action that is the level of action. So the free will to survive is the level of action that is the free want. The problem is that when particles behave, we don't know how to do it. If quantum mechanics is simple, we will know how to do it. If the position or momentum is determined, we won't know how to do it. We won't know how to do it. We don't know how to do it. We won't know how to do it. We won't know how to do it. We won't know how to do it. the state matches the state of the state. Observation is the result. You have to understand that free will gives you chances. There is no reason to say that there is a statement in Heisenberg that randomness is the subject of freedom. The momentum and position are not determined in nature. It is not possible to behave. There are no possibilities. There are no possibilities. There are no possibilities. There are no possibilities. What is the possibility of this? It is possible that the randomness of the VMs is a quantum. The randomness of the VMs is the objectifying of the VMs. What do you mean by that? It is a quantum computing system. This is a qubits based system. This is the computational speed. We have to understand that the quantum is the probability of the qubits. This is the probability of the VMs. Yes, I can see it. And that is why accuracy is perfectly accurate. So, what is the quantum randomness? What is the quantum principle of the chip? All these are accurate results. So, what is the case of randomness at the level of study that is objectified? We are objectified by randomness. Most of the time it is random. No, it's not random. No, it's not random. It's like a chip. It's like a quantum entanglement. Two particles are entangled. One is observed. Two is observed. What do you mean by that? There are many theories. Two particles have a wave function. One has a wave function. One is observed. The wave function collapses. One is observed. Two is observed. What do you mean by that? It is a bit of an interesting statement. One of the things that we need to do is to communicate with the speed of light. That is what we need to do. In the time interval, we don't need to do anything. That is why we don't need any light speed. We don't need any speed. That is what we need to do. One of the things that we need to do is to communicate with the quantum mechanics. Quantum mechanics is not the answer. It is an entanglement. It is a basic loop. Quantum mechanics is not the answer. I am mathematically related. I have to understand this, I came in the same place as I came in Neil's bowl. I was told that as a material, when we have a particle with a position of zero, which is not zero, the momentum of the particle is randomly stored. When we have two at the same time, mathematically we use the state of the particle to relate this to the state. When we have two at the same time, I am not saying that you have to do that. The problem is that there are so many possibilities, there are so many chances, there are so many possibilities. So, quantum mechanics is a very important tool for us to be able to free ourselves. The philosophy of David Hume is very important in the 18th century. Empiricism is a school of thought. It is an extreme form of thought. David Hume is a school of thought. Compatibilism is a thought. Compatibilism is a thought. This is what we are talking about in the 19th century. Basically 17th century is what we are talking about. Science has developed and philosophy has changed. What is the angle between these two? If you look at these two pieces of paper, you will see that there is a major theory of punishment. This is a major theory. This is what we are talking about. I am not sure how. What do you mean by absolute free will? I am not sure how to say that. I am not sure how to say that. I am not sure how to say that. In 17th century, what do you mean by that? In 17th century, what do you mean by absolute free will? I am not sure how. I am not sure how to say that. and you can see the parameters of life. You can see it all. Social issues are there, social conditions, you can see what is happening, what is the value system. What is happening? You can see psychological problems, you can see the anger issues, you can see what is happening. What is happening? Is it a BP control? Is it a control? You can see what is happening. You can see the prefrontal cortex is developing. You can see the emotions. Also, in-laws have been found in Jangang. In the last day or so, when the car was starting, there were about 5-6 km in-laws. Mother-in-law and mother-in-law were killed. Father-in-law was killed. In the police session, there were 2 people who were killed. In the investigation, they were given a weapon. They were given a weapon. They were given a weapon. So, if we are processing at a higher level of processing, we are not able to do that. But if we are doing it at a lower level of processing, we are not able to do that. Yes, that is right. So, it is a two level processing. In the active brain, the highest level of the brain is not available. Conscious thinking is not available. Yes, but in this case, conscious thinking is not available. And conscious thinking is not available to free will. Yes, that is right. We are not able to do that. It is an evolutionary psychology that has to do with reproduction and nothing else. Aesthetics. If you have a son, you can do it. If you have a son, you can do it. If you have a male, you can do it. If you have a female son, you can do it. If you have a girl, you can do it. If you have a subconscious, you can do it. If you have a female son, you can do it. If you are a person who has very good character, then you should be programming. But, the speed of light is very constant. I am programming. And, programming is not complex. It is not minute. You should not be programming. And, if you are programming in this part, then you should decide. And, you should not be. You should not be doing anything. Here is an example. That is all about psychology. Thank you for listening. When I was a child, I was a psychologist. So, I was asked to study how to predict the situation. I had to imagine that one day, when I was a child, I saw that I was in a hurry. And I was in a hurry. When I was a child, I had to decide what I was going to do. But I didn't know what I was going to do. I went to the sushi tramp and asked him what I was going to do. He decided to go to the palace. I didn't know what I was going to do. I went to the wardrobe and asked what I was going to do. But I didn't know what I was going to do. When I was a child, I had to decide what I was going to do. And I told him that if he wants to go on a trip, he can go on a trip. And he said that if he wants to go on a trip, he can go on a trip. He said that he will guarantee that he will go on a trip. But he did not want to go on a trip. He did not want to go on a trip. This is called compatibilism. It is not free will. This is called external force. And if we can predict the actions of somebody, it means the actions are pre-decided. And if they are pre-decided, there is no free will. If we can predict the actions of somebody, it means the actions are pre-decided. I guarantee you that you will be able to do that. I am not sure if you will be able to do that. Personally, you will be able to do that. What do you mean by that? I think that in the absolute sense, free will exists. In the practical sense, free will exists. And if you do that, you will be able to do it. And you will not be able to do that. You will not be able to do that. scientific mind, detach it from one another. You are not able to see your emotions. You are not able to see your emotions. Yes, you are not able to see your emotions. You are free will, you are distributed. You are free will because you have no one. You are I, you are me. I am distributed. My emotions, my instincts and my thoughts. Because there is one point of time, there is one. dominate karta hai, jame padra nao padhar nao toh mera thought process, cognitive process dominate kara meri instinct aur meri emotions ko, parjame bacha se baath kara nao, badho se baath kara, meri emotions dominate kara hai, toh at the point of an emotional turmoil my emotion is me ya I, jame padhai kara nao toh mera thought process I hai, aur jame jaarom raat ke andh hir mai achchaanak sarsar hai ki aa wazai aur maitranth. bhagav. Tumara instinct usame ai hai. Tumara ai ko ith locus ekhi ke umaan ke chal nahi it can be distributed as well. So distributed ai ke concept usko bolte hain ke hum, humi hai emotion bi mein hoon, thought bi mein hoon, instinct bi mein hoon. Lage sir jo asi jo cheezh chel rahi jo mera bhath aam har insaan hai sabha loga jo kai cheezh, kai insan, ke se thought processa aline newte. Maline ke se political views aline, ke se kudh. and the political party has a relationship and it is important to know that the parties in the party's range is also different If I am on the surface, if I am on the range not only I can tell you that I am the one in the team who is the one in the party who is in the team and I am the one who is the only one who is free So, when BJP or congress are looking for a party there are chances that the parties should decide What do you think about it? What is your opinion on it? What is your paid promotion? Yes, paid promotion. There is a company in England called Zikra. It is a minute level of economics. It is not a force. What do you want to study? What kind of law is being used politically? It is not fixed. What kind of mobile phone does it have? The nature of morality is immoral and immoral, but the non-moral is immoral. What is the concept? The moral is immoral and immoral. The non-moral is immoral, but the moral is immoral. The non-moral is immoral and immoral. The non-moral is immoral and immoral. It doesn't have any conception of morality. I'm not saying that I'm not able to get a job, I'm not doing it. I don't want to go to the table and ask the people to come and see what they're doing. I want to go to the house, I want to go to the house, I want to go to the house. But I don't want to go there. I don't want to go there. Basic surviving science is not going to survive. Yes. Even if I have a view point, I don't know how it will be. I don't know how it will be. Nature has a view point. That's why nature is a secret. Nature. It is a natural accident that we have to deal with. It is a natural accident that we have to deal with. So, nature is free. It is a natural accident that we have to deal with. It is a natural accident. There is a lot of guarantee in the social system. In our society, we have a political system. In our political system, we have a lot of guarantees. In America, we have a guarantee. In England, we have a free health guarantee. We have a guarantee. In our society, we have a guarantee. It is a state which is conscious of her dignified life and her individual life. It is a state of her state and her society. Education, timely education is a state of her state and her society is a state of her state. It is a state where nature is a part of it. Nature is a part of it. Nature is a part of it. It is a state of her state and her society is a state of her state. It's important to know that when I look at this and I start to notice it in my eyes, when I look at it in the transformation, I see it in all my thoughts. You don't just look at nature and notice it in the same way. This feeling makes me want to keep it in my mind. All my thoughts are there and I do it myself. I think it's nice when you look at nature, the way we look at nature, the world. Because of my entropy, I think it is very interesting to watch my videos. I think it is very interesting to watch time past, present, future. What do you mean by time past? Time doesn't matter. No, it doesn't matter. Time is a concept. Yes, time doesn't matter. In this universe, the overall universe is increasing. In this interesting movie, there is a tenet. In this tenet, the entropy is increasing. So eventually, we are going to see that the universe is increasing. We are going to see that the universe is increasing. But the only thing that can control us, is what is left behind. Don't let it be lost. We have to keep going with your deep thoughts. Keep working. This is not a choice. Keep working. I know that. Even if you keep working, you can't be lost. Keep working. Absolutely. But you're still being silent. You're not feeling well. You're a real enemy of our enemies. Come Rethi! I have not been to the hospital for 2 and a half years. And I had never been to the hospital. So for me, I think it is not possible to be in a place where there is no hospital. No, you are not going to be in the hospital. But there is nothing that I feel that I can do. The reason why I have had such a success, And I will follow my follow. I will follow you. I will follow you. One button. One button. I can decide whether I want to follow or not. I will follow. So, I will follow. So, what is your association? One is the basic thing. If you have come to come, you will suffer. And if you have come to come, you will suffer. And if you have come to come, you will suffer. I consciously came before. When I was in theatre, I was a little too busy. It was quite a busy day. So eventually I can get my theatre done. So I asked to go to Mumbai. And I was like, I want to go there. I was a little too busy. So I went to Mumbai. And I was the one who asked me to go to Mumbai. I was like, I want to go to a IIT Bombay machine. I wanted to go to a PhD. I wanted to do a audition. I wanted to go to a PhD. So I was like, I want to go to a IIT Bombay. Otherwise, it will be happening to you. So say it to me, I'm going to the hostel, and I'm going to do my best to keep my fine face, so that the whole field is connected by acting. Sometimes, I feel that there is too much irony that each field is connected by its own sense and culture. But instead of being egoistic and Italian, you are only one person, so that means that knowing your own path, not having a heart, I am going to show you a character portrait. I have been studying physics for a long time. Since I was in Germany, I studied physics research at IIT. I was a professor of physics. I have seen videos on that stuff. And I have seen a lot of things. I have seen two videos where I am getting involved. I have seen all the examples on what is God. I have seen the videos on how God is God. I have seen videos on how God is God. And I have seen many videos about that. I have seen many examples of things. Thank you. Because philosophy is a science, and philosophy is a science. It is very important. It is a religion, philosophy or science that is important. Yes, yes sir. So religion or philosophy are core subjects. But there are no shocks. Science is what I am asking. I am not saying that science is important, but philosophy is important. There are no shocks at all. Thank you so much, sir, thank you so much.