live in a hawk live in a hawk and Tony wall live in Hawk top of the G with cozy guy go live in her G with cozy guy live in pylibar cosy got cosy kabhi can catch on our Robert who Robert who cosy kabhi can get on a rubber G with cosy guy live in a cosy gaga then cytology cytology cosy gaga then cytology cosy gaga then cytology the other I got I'm looking at that because he can't be bhajan the kosi kasih danke is Nadia Hamara, Sarir puri kosi kasih banaya kisne, but that's why they know by liver kosi kai khoj kiya huh Robert who? Robert G with kosika kosika sit down Slide in a one song yeah, they're gonna have subset short subset body kosika subset Manom is a very old home. Yeah, over is part of India. Miss sukranu. Got there. Can I get a sukran? Yeah, cable mail. Maybe I got ourselves a buddy. Cause he got over. I'm going down again. Yeah, I'm done. I'm done. Babu, how long will it look? Look, it's not full of both problem. I got off tension. Nellie. You got put a class provide. Carotene figure main Johnson. Net problem. Net have one. He's across the cut. My name is of salami new it's a tantric a gagging a gagging But I brain sub-salam because he got brain sub-salam be Neuron sub-salami neuron subset shorty is palm subset body. Oh bomb Over female may is bomb male. I say overall my subset shorty my cobra overall myself everybody Huh? Yeah So the morga under so the morga under the other here subset teach cow got a lever me subset age put on in my liver liver color yukrit got a gaga del yukrit subset a puna nima live yani liver kosi cow a puna nima both a jesuata our liver cut to be jagana top companies recover car lega boy a tiny side make out a liver agar koi a chakumar dia up casa yo sakta so I'm not taking a guy yukrit koi a chakumar nahe tus koro kiya koi ke idhar maru idhar nahe you know that I've never done it either day you go I've loved a kid or my nigga bigger but will you guide me again you talk about it you go about there come guy who gonna get to meet a joke tomorrow I got on that I got to supply it they put on the my liver nota open a liver my Marlowe who see go go get to me my love nearly permit subset they put on a modern liver I subset Dheema Sab se dheema. Ek tar sa ka yaga toh kosi kabhi bhajan hota hi nahi ye. Kabar mastis kame, kab hai. Mastis, kashe li katha ji brain, aise. Kaja brain mein. Brain mein kisi pitaikka kosi kabhi bhajan nahi hota. Agar apko po ye kapas mardiya. Upar ka chamada katta. Khosi kabhi bhajan ho jayega. Hadhi tuta. Khosi kabhi bhajan ho jayega. Usckey andar ka main enjoy tuta. Khosi kabhi bhajan ho jayega. Lekin sasura agar but I a crab cycle console time my token crab cycle micro candy I can't drink the bala coca de micro candy I can't dig the bala go I give a jinko home a decoder a mobile call about what about channel a gaga mobile koli application chalega astra main internet may problem I had problem about the cut okay jadeka the cut nayoga mobile calling it what's up with it like a Joe Hall magic I'm going to go to the body just say, how about it? Sorry. My heart is going to go. I can hear you. Who does that? He's coming. I will see you. He's coming. I will see you. My job deals in necrosis. Can you get in there? Mario. See. Go. How about it? Not cool. Okay. I'll go. See. Go. I'll go. I'll go. I'll go. I'll go. I'll go. I'll go. I'll go. I'll go. Kota... Hey Ganta, what are you doing here? Sangh Mahalaya ji nahi hai. Thi radhmi ko khana khana padega. Thi roor ja panega. So, Parivahan ka na joruri hai ji nahi hai. So, see ko apla pooch. Jabi ki see ko pooch. Ghat hai te ek dusre ka Parivahan ka te rana chahi hai. Sangh Mahalaya ji nahi hai ga. Hame sa ek dusre ka sai yo ka tara na chahi hai. So, pade gaal ji pade joruri hai ji nahi hai. Bahu joruri hai sushwara. Hamra tum pala ji ni pade ek bhuj ke baht. this is the pillar this is the pillar and this pillar is also the same you can see that in both the pillars this is the endoplasmic reticulum what is the endoplasmic reticulum what is the endoplasmic reticulum so is it the endoplasmic reticulum see what you get Hindi me scan number you put on here on top of that the jolly cow so I'm not again again oceanic work which are the PCS key gamblar kahiliya on top of that the jolly car come look at our hair a couple of any jarata endoplasmic reticulum coseca cake kankal kakam karta agar kankal nahir aga top see the narrow sector just a Marissa reme hadi here kankal a deo kasamu ka kalata kanka but as I like oh god it'll do you in a there are thank you see you see good so I'm not getting a girl she's equally up tonight deal say up you get any say up you get papers yet the marks in a the mark a waller give a lot get career pay focus on achieve so I'm not getting a girl are you school ball car he buy two hundred the mark a bit now you get any metal paper I'm at all it's been a row by him it all Jahan arrow brain chorik you say, but I gave some noggin a but I get thank you scoby But I like you ska jaga kaha ha ha so I'm not getting it do niaca who should be cheese Oh, I will say it shut came at the agony key chum tarak here up get career get bitch murder boy We see guy tagged in you All kisich is co side karna bahaduri name who say, but I get them co side karna side karna. Yeh bahaduri You can't buy they got some career gave each me out get on disturb cutting No, Karina. You're not the psyche of a kumaga. I Give her our second and bulky cycle choppy sensual Pity wise if I'd never again, it's not that they get their party. Well, I mean, yeah Okay, some day they get the answer It's smooth endo plasmic rate of coulomb capacity. What's a hot? I got that Yeah, I need They're buddies But he Shall it hanker dicta But I a protein in mark on guitar, right? Protein in one ribosome protein in one right protein key factory ribosome Yeah, but the ribosome bar, okay, Chota Who says write them chota chota? Over the policy gap niche what up who's can do my talk Rondia who's can do it all the body who's can there? or ER cat do he saw us miss a egg he's up it's hot hot hot Adana I got that protein manata question pooja gah he endo plasmic reticulum kiske upas 30 plus city get out of kurdura hojata kiske upa city gara ribosome protein manata ribosome protein manayga protein manayga ribosome yad raga na acha protein maybe do type property ribosome get that I've got a go Jada protein banana. I will come protein banana. It will Jada protein banana. I will come protein banana. Well, you'll come when I go say 70 years ago, Jada when I got 80 years ago, come banana. Jada banana. Well, it is yes, come about the sedimentation coefficient. You're going to say to me, sedimentation, sedimentation coefficient come along and liquid my darling at the cone Jada. They just say boy check on each day, but your body yoga, Jaldi, my tiger, the corner, my tiger. How many of you have received the vaccine? All of you? A protein is available. All of you? This is a vector virus, which is not available in a small country. 7 How many people received it? 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 Thank you very much. Please give a warm welcome. Can you hear me? ATS, how are you? I'm sorry. Are you ready? Can you hear me? ATS. Can you hear me? Can you hear me? ATS. Can you hear me? Is it a bacteria virus? TB is a bacteria. Ebola is a virus. It's a lumpy virus. What is it? 70 years. Is it a lumpy virus? It's a lumpy virus. What is it? 70 years. What is it? Is it a centrosome virus? What is it? What is it? So if you think that this is a smooth endoplasm, it can be used in the rough. If you think this is a smooth endoplasm, it can be used in the rough. And if you think this is a rough endoplasm, then you are wrong. That is the question. If you think this is a rough endoplasm, it can be used in the rough endoplasm. That's it, raibosom! This is not a ribosome. This is a really good ribosome, It's a rough endoplasm. It's not a ribosome. It's not a protein. It's not a protein, it's a protein It's not a protein, it's not a protein. It's not a protein. It's a protein that's used in the whole world. And it's not a protein. It's not a protein. When we eat this, we'll not eat it. would happen if I use a sari sari was What's our company? What's our company? My llama Vasa Jada? I put it up. My co-worker or city here. Oh, yeah. I'm a patch ass. I can't reach my sub. He said, Oh, yeah. I got my search. I got the majority who those curtains on the jacket. Okay. I'll see Katie. Come on. Come on. Come on. My llama Vasa Jada. He's got to be like a cancer