We're here to write a letter of words from the French girl. We also wrote it on the letter of the letter of this letter. We are talking about the letters of the letter of the letter. We also talked about the letters of the letter around the letter of the letter. We talked about the letter. matrix owns the mere dimensionality patterned rigor, like the s-maltzua yacobi matrix, what's my disk like no-mile? As a name be a madan, we have nothing to see. Bone F, the buried English one here, nR here, mR, then is the Akubi matrix. We put sign a mediot F, also gave added under Stell X. That was following the matrix. That is the ions F. f, also give it an understand the x. Yeah, so they're going to say vector. They try f, also give it an understand the x, or find vector. On the right, they're on the fourth piece. They end f, also give it an understand the x. That's the acubimatrix. So come as 60 matrix on best, map, minor, minor, minor. As of our state here. As of here's f on x. F from X here in the lived air M. On the sides we name the apply-tong, knock the S in Varyoblin and Yirah Einsling component. So here's the vector there, M-ine-trager huts. Let's come and listen to our Australian also. In all the S-ine-trager, the Eins F from X here in Varyoblin and Yirah Einsling component. If ions, phon x, it's written, the ions, f, slide, phon x. On the y-tab is the ions, f, m, phon x. Here, straight down. The x, y, f, ions, phon x. On the y-tab, on the y-tab, is the y, f, n, phon x. And thus, get my y-tab is... the n f ein's phonics, this the n f n phonics. The size of an answer from the n f ein's phonics, n f ein's phonics, n f ein's phonics. The n f ein's phonics, n f ein's phonics. The n f ein's phonics. Yeah, we feel, we feel a side-heart test, side-end, side-end, end spout. Yeah, as a foreign, compounds are n for them, m. And by the matrix count, so s is m on thunder's n. As a woman, a Jacobi matrix, all selection it, with the demons you only were proof done, up mentioned in s, the n, vice, end of us, the core mashes are all scanned. You know, I'm going to talk to you about the art and vice-acity of COVID-19. It's a good thing. What do you think is that the police are going to be following this when we are on an air-end-mid there are going to be in passes, also starting as a matter of standard passes. Then it's these are matrix, these dash delums. Smartrix, one of those total differentials. As we've grown there, meow the vinegar, this does one of those total differentials. Good. That's one where the flexible concrete and your kubimatics are also rational. Abba, flat off direct into some hummus, with the cat and reader. As we shrive in my... try from T1 here. It really adds to my f concrete. I'll do psi f on x epsilon on set. So it plus x mile set plus c nose. Oops, I'll go on. on k from x epsilon psi x quadrata plus epsilon x to x epsilon x epsilon x epsilon. One d3 is the hnanda Oschiron, as Oha is clige. S shown here, K also done F as a recised F ring a K. On one, I hope it had a up-phonation drum in-bation drum. You know, for an S-y in-air ions, as if we have a F-m8 K and a S-6 epsilon, tumbling when an air try up is... I'm going to show you an F-Rine, on the F-Lifat Eina-Reel, it's also fun. It's fine, it's fine, it's fine, it's fine. Okay, next one, the Yakuby matrix, phone, these M-HAR oscillation, V-F-F-E-N-E-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T, We see it, the ACOBY matrix, from half under stellar x epsilon os. Yep. So, if we don't miss it, we're going to see what's going to happen. You know, also on the heart makes that build it from air to fly, knock air up on the size n is fly, m is iron, so it's rosecomb, most is iron squared, it's fly. You know, just most rosecomb. Um, I would really add the Yakuby matrix from the heart, met in Yakuby matrix and from F won't get us working, alright? Now, we can see the skin now, we need to be seen on fire. The name of my aunt, this is your kobie matrix, is an employee. Apply it to him. What's the return? We're finally here staying. So when that's an employee applied to him is as a hash tree. And here, it's a game of F, Kringle gave us a stunning elements in the island. Yeah? If you want, let's know if it's in the island. That's it. We loaded the cat-ringle and image in the island. Yeah? Other, straight, straight, close, give away. A string also give it an key on them. In argument? You don't know. That's the mark. It may be straight. Mark is straight. So yes, particularly now, it's like a male-dimensional line. When we're talking about the acobe matrix, it's not only the applied term. As a name, we're the acobe matrix for an F. We're not under stellar. K for an X epsilon-OS. One multiplied C or no. Here, we're talking about the applied term for a gate. This is a male-dimensional line. The acobe matrix for a gate. K, also give it a shot. better understand the x. This is a problem twice, sir. We have a problem here, kubimatrix one. F, un diacubimatrix one, gay. OK, as a s-meli, yacubimatrix one, F. Yourth, F, also give it an un diacubimatrix one. eks epsilon set, yeah, f hat tri-agumentre. So the Jacobi matrix of tri-agumentre, thus is, you know, d ions f, the English bar is here, so in vector, their so close is v with the D-demon's own hat, be the vertebrae. I mean, on some file is f, real, we're attached to size and from one, I need a dimension on the size system. Back to I need a dimension or I'm going to real it's all. x epsilon set, d its y, f, x, epsilon, set, d, d, d, d, f, x, epsilon. So long, set. OK. Schmachmal di, then S and I track 4. As the S, I track as only the F. I've have known after S and Vary-Aublin applied. Now, so we're tuned, so as they are an epsilon on set, I'm for constant, on a different zone, hanging off on X up. As we're in the over-refined zone, Rx applied. Then, how is X much set as much applied? This is an example of a set. It's an example of a closed scene of an epsilon that comes back in x4. This is a mononic constant between x, the size of the entire epsilon. So that's an HD. From its own f, it's applied to state a mononone set here. So on, let's do it here. So it's my different zone. Now, that's right. I'm already able to apply it to an unonic there. Triton. Okay, now. I'm not going to detight there as well. Yeah, of course, you know, as of the S's amount and how kind of epsilon, as of this does have a lower. And that's why it is done causing those epsilon on the lead to the enthalp, you know. here, on x epsilon, we are light in k. I am an after s. Now, I am going to open up one of that slide. This is my sense of work with vector 1. As you must engage here, a component, a range spring. One of the air stability of four, as an Obersn ion track springish. Line on light and move on after the air summary oblin up, as x was r r plus epsilon, nark x-appulated as I have a word, y-x icon, by epsilon concant x-swell. Put down, I'm a bit d-acubi matrix here. All's regression in. Okay. Yeah. Yes. then we can do that. And then we can do that. And we can have that. It's obviously buying your kubimatreats. It's going to be a little bit better. emmm try my here lighter so that's the answer in name rational iso yot ajibh yipz ajibh yapz ajibh yapz yapz ajibh yapz yapz yapz Oops, alone. No way. A-hope, epsilon, net problem, mu naught, yaught, f, always Yeah. A hook, good salon, moment, you call it a bus, A hook, good salon, yep. plastic. So when the atmosphere was not made in a multi-plate seal, as we here state, and matrix product, as I said, multi-plate sealer, these are spider-medicine. Metis at silo here. On the uncond ingos rows, this is my x, a of epsilon plus epsilon. cosinose x, epsilon, on that zy the ion track, is aho of epsilon plus x cosinose x epsilon, plus aho of epsilon, x cosinose. As a task here, it's there. Here's the ion truck. One task, considering here is the flight ion. Last controls. Vector, ions, croits, it's why. I need silence, so I spot it. This is going to wash your hard mode. And if you're deloated to the Does it should know again as well as I'm here? I'm fucking marked that is Yeah, as oh, you know my search and shred yacht f Also get an understand a kx epsilon It sets yet here. I'm for kx epsilon. I'm this is X squared r plus epsilon X mile epsilon on the a hook epsilon That's my argument. That's it here, it's umberin. You're the f-ion. The straight-the argument is e whoops along. The straight-the argument, it's not epsilon. On the straight-the x-code drop assumption. Okay, you're too north. Strong? Yep. It says that it's the same thing for a site, as well how much others are able to buy into a piece of the commercial business and it's the same thing. I was not invited to buy it. Just a little bit. As a war with him and he and I have come around all of you. No. It might be. No. You know. You know. You know. You need to off the off the same thing. We're actually going to try to find the six five key quite as soon as the question is signed into our management. As we managed to show, Schuybe is a fine file sign vector. Only Schuybe and Como is on September 1, mine here states set my cozino's epsilon matrix. Many people can spy in vector, Schuybe, and luckily in these are notat's own. And it's kind of, that's a sign vector, Schuybe, and then here in the transpuneer, Schuybe and Martin, and then it's in Schuybe and vector. the So, if it's an A and Fotch chitrin, Foylesum, then with the Muslim-run awesome context, a kind of dozen sign vector order of Foytmectos. Yeah. That's what goes up here. Ah, okay. Yeah. Tons of need, enter the client take groceries off. Okay. Yeah, you have to be pretzier, mon, notier, it's like here it's Alice, it's up Alice pretzier. Ah, okay. Okay. Tashtiya. Yeah, good no. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, son snuff. Frog.