I changed the possibilities of my family. And I have no idea how I'm going to get along with them. And I have no idea how I can be. I have no idea how my family wants to get inside the bathroom, for instance, when I'll go to the bathroom, I'll come to the room, and you'll go to a bed, to the kitchen with the broken skin, the broken skin, the broken skin, Yeah, it's funny, it's weird. Of course he is rude to him and I keep quiet. Nothing is going to happen. Whatever you have, we are not trying to solve the world. I am very happy to see you here today. See you soon! See you again! Bye! You know this, you know? When I have to sit before I sit before you. You think sometimes when I sit together we have to travel together, our world is not going home, The past present future of Ajax sath-oonridges mathematically. What you're doing is a big bank of time, but it's a nice trade. And a huge amount of time is pretty much the biggest change in the world. Because there were 200 times security, and some of these are the biggest reasons they've seen. But it was the first day that our server was slow, and the first day of our server was not the first spot. And we were making a big prediction for the next time. But we were making sure that we were very happy to go back. And this was a different technique. I am a young woman, I have a first time in the summer and I'm a young woman and I have a last year's year. I have a last year. My life is amazing. My life is a very beautiful and beautiful. Really, I am a rich man. I have a happy life. I have a happy life. I have a happy life. A healthy life. I have to get the food. I have to get the food. . I think that there are a lot of happening in Canada without a chance. In other words it is the amount of capital, that the capital of Canada which is less than the price of capital. I think that capital is less than the price of capital is less than the price of capital. In the same amount of capital, and the volume of capital will cost 75 percent less than000 percent less than so. One more time. One more time. One more time. I want to leave now. I want to leave. Let me see the first Karate, and let me see if you can see the first Karate. How does Karate do? If you can see the first Karate, well, the first Karate, what's the second Karate? I am going to show you all the same time. I can see the one with the Eighth. Vyabka? Hahaha. I need may I. May the channel be the right or you put a set up? it's not a big problem to me, it's a team that will get outdated. But today we will be able to install the new project. The third project we're going to implement in the next two years. The next project we're going to develop and that's why we actually need to help them. We'll also want to send them a follow-up. We are able to build a new project we're going to make. So we're going to help them, and we're going to do this. What do I mean? You are speaking in the political spirit of the president of the US. In this world, it was their first time for me to speak in Israel. The president of the US, the president and the president of the US, The president's policies were ready to support this country. The president is responsible for that. The producer and he will be opening their hands. I think this was one mistake. I was not gonna be afraid that I was afraid that I was afraid. I was worried that I didn't have any tears. Every day, I could go into." Because I'm not afraid that I'm afraid to happen, I can't see how... That's right. Oh, yeah. What else? I hate so many." You can see like me literally, you can hear… Yes, no. Yes. It's just because. Your face is celestial. What freaks? You could say that here we are going to go to leave there. This village can be able to walk away because we are not going to walk away. I would share his hope for him. I am very happy to have your work. I want to meet you. I'm not sure if I'm going to eat it. I'm not sure if I'm going to eat it. The first time, we had a lot of work. The first time we had spent the last day, we had been trying to get a good plan. We would not be able to do it, but we had to do that. but it was a long period. We had to do it all. First, we had to do it all, What does a scientist say? Whatever if any of you live in a special community? And who what? And what is his job? Yes, he won't. He won't be in the house. He won't at all. What is his job? His favorite job is freedom. I have a secret to the people. Thank you so much. To see how many people are ready and who was going to the last year, that they were lucky for a couple years. They were lucky for the first year. They were lucky for the last year. So they said that when they were ready, yes, they were willing for the last year. One day, they couldn't believe that they liked to be ready. But here they came to the next year. They came to a number of kids in the first class. So they said that they were ready to get ready and ready. here. We will begin to visit next time. That day he is really happy. We'll find a way to speak to this. We'll be here. We will begin to speak for the rest of the year. I also hope that he is a good afraid to go. that's already here, what's up which is China say you okay? Everything is predestined, predestided. That's why I really am here today. But I have not seen it because I am not there. But I can't see anything. I have seen it before. I have never seen it before. I think it's a little bit like this. I think it's a little bit like this, but I think it's a little bit like this. The only thing I can do is, Let's get on that. and some of the other stuff that we need to go to, if we're able to go there, we're able to come to the next town. And here I'll see if there's a lot of things that we can find out about it. This is the first time that we've been waiting for, And there's a way that you can find yourself is that we can only have a new god. the free will today both this past-lingi panipia free will today if this event or be here to nature or god and the other mouset bandsa is the main cook-skater of free women if this year somehow we have a very easy action the causation the amount of that guy or her this could cause a measure or cause much better in here. So, if I can perform at least one action, which is dependent neither on God nor on nature nor on causation, then it is my free will causation But if you are interested in a really important way, you can find a way to see what we can find. If you are interested in your life, you are interested in yourself and what you do in your life. But if you are interested in your life, you can get a little bit better at this. But this is the question that I am interested in. But if you are interested in your life, you can find that you can find different ways. It's raining. And when the What debate shall we see? Light, light, jute, calm, karais, dune, dune, amo, samat, samat, vat, confusion, calm, karais, he's Newton, my voltage, they wear a paht. It's a film like that. It's also something of a movie that has some ideas to get to it. Because it's a film like that. So it's a film which has a film in a different, different song. And it has the film like that. And it has the channel of a film called The But then he had a relative speed. He had a lot of speed. Those. We want to help ourselves in assistance, we need a Tax Plan for the work between us and our friends. When spending money out of their savings in 20- KPET starting to make money in history, we have funds that will flow significantly. If I make gains on cash control then, no matter what cost, What is this? A Mata-fixure. Bulkul-bulkul. Mukas-bukas-buk-buk-bukts. Speculate-karti. Geez. It is the opportunity to be a bantan-wa. A science-yasi-topic-pei, a research-yasi-bathi, a research-yasi-jithin-bhoti-mote-giant-ham-yam-o-jhi-bo-joo-spie-bath-kram-u-bh-to-piloss-yibati-bata-yi-giet-seim-topic-pei-pih. The science-nik-ak-ah-ah-ah-ah-ai-steam-in-kak-ak-ah-at-eg-kah-me-cam-karta-skuddha-t grade-ah-too-fry- Evil-fry-dha-qev-t-q kid-to-kam-korn- or pyr-dha-taw. A bhuvah-passit-bantan-chan-jali-loo. This is the second point, any other H is from Dartipa, Chalani, Kalya, Mabas, Kriveli, I mean Chalani, but... I am not going to get that. I think I have a lot of time to come back with a lot of time. And I am going to come back with my first time. And then I am going to go back to my first time. First time, I am going to go back to my first time. I have been a little bit into the next round. I can't take this round, but I can't take this round. Mm. in the video, I want to ask you, if you understand the information, if I ask you, any other things. But I would like to ask you Are you going to use this? I only want to see one. But I want to see one or two. I want to see one or two, be careful. I can see one, you go here. That is the same time. That is the same time, it is the same time. But if you see her, except for all. Hmm. You can't really offer away any sense of peace in your life. But if you see her in your life, please let me know. If you see her in your life, That's how you hope. And that's how you think we will already think of. We must not see it. We must not be sure to show up, and know I will tell you how to read. or fix it. What it is to say is space and time care. So space or time, external reality is now, okay. Hummari, inbuilt capability, technology, structure, technology, Jinket, Suhiyam, perceived capacity. So time care, like a buddy of such a time. Time, Hummari, under head, time, barret, time care, time care, time care, time care, like confusion. I think it's not a bad thing, but it's not a great thing. I think it's a good thing. that was very complex and it was one thing to say, So, I think that his wife helped me. He bred the boy a state family car, got his ex- Contact and he went to my mom's life. I guess I've been living for 4 years now. How much Empire did he grow? He gave me aolphord. Theborut seized on his language. Well, it's very exciting. It's very important. It's very important. And the next event is continued to be a great opportunity I will show you a little bit of the moment. But we are going to start in one basis for this event. And the next event is continued to be a great opportunity to enter those possible events in the country There are no more signs of the we'll have to go! Now we have to find those signs... and they gave us... They gave us a We've got to have a scene that makes us learn how to create a scene in that and the scene that makes now and then they ready on the scene Good boy. But, for example, if you want a high-level game, you can track the game. For example, you can track the game, so you can track the game. But, if you haven't, you can track the game for less time. It's still a bit of the same, it's a time cost-local number. It's a time-related format. It's a time-related format, but it's a time-related format. Time can shift me. No, man, I don't know. Just say, man, I'll be bad. No, I'll be bad. Is it the boat? Did you, for example, swim or something? It's a TV cup. Mitchell, Raman, you can take it. Oh, my God. Oreki, you can take it. Oh, look, look, it's just some food. Haha. A TV cup, you can turn it. Mm-hmm. Kaimara Sautak, you can turn it. Ouchy, spell it. It's a few years. It does be a second. Give it a TV cup. Mm-hmm. So time, good defensive. Mm-hmm. time... ... ... ... ... This is very important, which means our lives are all adopted with higher rights. This solution is important and it is important to us. Because the world's world is very much different. And it is important to us, it is important to help us solve equality. Let me see. Thank you. Time, motion gets out, or distance gets out like a chica, chica, chica, chica, chica, chica, maggari, banda, mese, kithna, durha, or kithna, taste, celraha, who's in saps a mese, saps, oops, kigari, a la chile, slo chile, so distance will be dependent on that, or guys will be dependent on that. Abhis Kaman love, and rho made a galaxy, you can get the lightiest duram, arse. Distance about durha, or maggara, hulkasamimum kara, mese, bit about kaman, in distance and they will just have to do that. That's how you can get that, that's how you can get that. This is a struggle for this world. Because of the struggle for the world. And what we do with this is the future. Because of the purpose that we can do. And we have to be very young. A wonderful person to be very young. In the world, there are still ways to build it. That's the way we make it. If we can build it together in our world, keep up the same way we may not be able to do that. So, it's like boggi galeximha, and I guess is galeximha. Ispered fishermanhood? It's not the most important thing about boggi galeximha. Up next we have to say, it's a little more than that. It's the number of strangers in this community. Are there different worlds in the world? I love you. May, may I ask you... and her name will be the same name but sometimes even though I say no, I had this okay, this is my first looks here, then this is my first looks at my old experience. So, in terms of this is my first, for example a young person, at its first time, so I just leave, I see friends, friends, my friend, and you know, you know, I can't find them, I don't know if you can find them, because my husband, I don't know Conceptually, f I feel like you are here, I feel like you have had a question for you, it is generally I am not there, I am not there, I am just so happy. I am happy to be here. You will see that I know. And I can be here. You are now in the individual. For the most difficult, I think it would be a bit different. Binai is working for the Kibinai. there are a lot of people who don't care about it, but they don't think it's perfect. But his name is So, we know that we're going to try to get our lives together. We have to be a little bit bigger. The world has not happened yet, but we cannot have anything else. for the venials of the head. So free will head is based from Dunia, which are Ryan normally, or free will head. He was very Chief. The Executive Team was very powerful. I think it's an important thing to see. The Executive Team is very powerful and better than this. The Executive Team is here. It's happened to the beloved Team. I know that I am from here. I am from here I think that I am from this level of philosophy. But that I haven't had a lot of people there. What is happening? When the people were on the ground, the people were on the ground, and now I get free. I keep talking about how I was here. I think that I am in a way that I only want to do things. Thank you very much. But for help, let's see if we can do more. If we can do some wonder, let's take another. If we can expand the world, we will love them with support in 2021. Therefore, we will not have the way out the horizon of the world. That will be the third megastome operating delay. It sinks to us from where it gradually gets Mega Red. It doesn't exist but the downside if you have the purpose ofak abandoned me and I was going to say, we have to say, say these times. When I am in the future, we are now from our we are now in the future of the future of the our this is the government violence, people are saying, one in the world, other women were involved, every one is the war. He would be a rich person, a stupid person. And if we don't even want to understand the reality of society, we want to understand the resources for humanity. That's why the human impact in world. And really, the ability to do the traditional action If we go to university, we want to understand the world, and we want to know about that. And if we can say that we want to understand that in the next week, interactions are there. So, over observation. ? I could have made an observation from the company, but what if I was trying to say that that's all that I had with my own name? And I didn't mind that. 100% of it is what I forget about that. I was saying that the company was on the market. I hope you enjoyed it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Don't perceive her the head that perception is a reality I'm going to see you next time. Thank you very much. I am willing to oppose the King of Nazareth. Additionally it is coming to maximize more about the 2008 It is not possible to share the key. It is not possible to share the key. We must not speak high. And we must have a very strong... ...with a very innovative economy. And we must have two other things. Let me ask you, to tell you, We must have an obligation in this country. Shai Do. Shai Do, shai do. This is a single interesting and a new reference. The experiment of Abu Bahamazai was my same Heris say Ajimeh, neuro science Qiduniyagi, but she doesn't. Frivl Khatma Gurdirani, egg frivl Qulagi, concepti, illusionism both, dare not go. Parhaligulob, kathikiliki frivl, naanu Tis, spinoza here, determination fillers for it. Determinism, kamat alaamatha, kapusta here, a pushnik ara bussimh. So spinoza, subseh hard core, determinisma near taihe, Laplace excite dissivomat. Heit is the best to be. The most important thing is that he is the best to be. This is the best idea. A country that is the most difficult to do. He is the best to be the best. It is the most difficult to do. Even when he is the best, he is the best to be the best to do. He is the best to do. let me look over here. it is so much like consciousness level, or a dragon, oh it's now this is when it's hell of action. to free will. of the provident working for free won't be that. free won't is against the Will. to free will for free won't or any am I consciousness nural activity to work a glee by x and this is a a keel of action desert, You've got rocks at there, or eggs and smelly for you. I thought we should don't hurt anybody. This is my personal family. So, my friend knows all the people that are alive from here. He said, make sure you don't know anything about me. What about my everyday Spanish? It's not a bad way to pay. What kind of puppy? And what do you care about? I know. And it's been a good opportunity to have a very good family. Go. Save it, don't go any free, we'll, we'll, we'll. Program is very easy, but it becomes a very practical way to be able to create the critical way to be able to create what is different. One way we can easily create the . . I don't know, wait a second, no, never lie. Or Yabe, K-Q-R-C-K-11, if he must look perfectly accurate. So, quantum, joke randomness particular, whose quantum, K-principle, say, banyhu, chib. Other yetheny, accurate results. Very yethe, okay? So, this is the main question of the vene, because randomness could be a level given study, or objective, if I could say. I mean, he'd be objective-five, just like he random, to look mostly, because I'm not thinking, I'm going to manage a random here. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, such a color array. Uh, Lake in his point, where some other milling probability happened on behalf of a mill rain. This is not the work, though, though. The hums of an area of an area, actual form of an area. You know, infinite. You have a point. You put a university point when they are. So yeah, though, don't know, particle A or B in keeping me going communication is running. Yeah. Yeah. Just a little bit of a bit of a feeling that everything is going to be going to be going. It is going to be very loud. the Let's try here, we are going to operate here. Let's see, we will work with you. Let's go. How is it? Let's go. Now we will try something else. . . . we are going to give him nothing. When you come you will give him's freedom. On a ship, if you get away from the ship and come down with a ship in a ship. Then you'll have to take a ship and come back to the ship. Do you know when we can leave it? No, if you have to leave it. Yes, that's all. You'rerobotic... Do you see that? Tharid Herm is the highest Hindu Herm or Sartre Elbert Camu can't eat some yogis command and he applied to a restotal, so great. This sub is command, eh? Oh man, thank you for your ability. When I spoke without me. I mean, Narak, Swarid Narak, Swarid Narak, Swarid Narak, Swarid Narak, Swarid Narak, Swarid Narak, Swarid Narak, Swarid Narak, Hindu Herm, maybe. Balki, Yatak, it's Arva, Jen, both, Johindu, Darshan, say, like, oh, oh, man. Narak, in no philosophy, he's like, no, you know, freedom of will command. You can't wait for that. Zara, garais, equals tora, come. It's good to work with you another country, sometimes in a sense you and everyone else. You have a chance to have a better relationship with you and you are not even going to be a bad, you are not going to be scared of that. That is why we believe that you have a better relationship with you. But we are even going to do that with the relationship to your future. There is no relationship for it. There is no relationship as it is you. There is no relationship as it is a concept. He had been exhausted, but I think he was the only person in this world. And his son said that he was the only one of these people in it. So, he was not alone. or in a form of school like Anashuru, or Tami, Palybar, which are Banaki, Kui, Vetji, Vapraskar, Taya, Sani, Kui, Jan, Bhushir, Taya. It will make scientist's way, she is there, lumbros, who will be there on a kahaki. Physical structures may be in the heath, heh, heh, heh, heh, heh, heh, heh, heh, heh, heh, heh, heh. Physical structure may he, what and Nancy is, heh, heh, heh, heh, I'm Karegani, Karegani. It's those things that we would like to say Thank you very much. Back in the last week, I was in the fourth grade. I thought I was in the fourth grade. I was about to buy a ticket to work, and I could pay a ticket because I'll be told to be paid. For example, you didn't even get a ticket. I was on the phone and I were Pediatric in Austin with the Switch, so I had to get the cash out there. I didn't get the cash out. I said, we can do it, we can get the cash out. we can get the credit, we'll get the credit, in the case of the skia. Sleep walking up, concept from New Year's Getha, in the other, a father of the cognitive he picks up the in her name. He's the only human and of the situation in the day 879-87 situation Canada. The Ugh, I am going to see you in the next video. Thank you very much. We also will be throwing all things on the table, and it will be thrown down on the table of trouble. We are trying to create a large market. We have to take one last year, other places of love, and other places of love. So I am convinced that most of us have lived here in Belgium. I am still born here, and I am became more involved in it, and now I am living in Belgium. Is this an aim for sleeping? When we are sleeping? But sometimes, the sleep.. We can see in the next four weeks, it's almost going to happen. But when we sleep, we are only sleeping with our husband. If we are sitting with our hands, we can go and be sleeping with our hands. This alone is on the ground, which is not we have to eat our hands. If we live in the next several weeks, or have the motor skill effective enough so much. I'm secondary, I love the people who are working with us, and I'm talking to you." But that happened in Africa. I'm coming to you, but that is not the point. But I'm not the only person without fear. How is it going to be in the crowd? Do you have free will money in everyone? Do you have the same trust? Do you have the same trust? the I have seen my memory. They've been began in Sweden. Congratulations, and I love you! Ugh, it's my first time. I don't think you are here, I think. I believe in the previous years of this, even if I was a friend, and I was able to share it with my uncle. What they said, with me. And I don't want to have any production of your business. They had the highest value of consumption. They were kind of fine, Thank you very much. Thank you so much. to market the cost of the economy. The economy is a great source of production. We have to make a good amount of money for a world. Even if we have to make a good amount of money, we will also achieve that for the global economy. We have to make the economy more economic, and we're going to make a good amount of money. We will never make the economy. We will make us make new people. We want to make new people. 3. For example, I don't know about it. But I don't know what happened as well. But at this time, I don't know what happened to me. But I don't know what happened to me, but I don't know. And if I don't know just what happened? I haven't been on a trip before, since I've been to a trip. I could say, I think, I would say this, and I'm not afraid. So I'm not afraid that I'm afraid that I'm afraid that I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid of So now I'm going to show you how to do this for me. Now I'm going to show you how to do it. So, we are not going to be in our land to be in our land, but we will make good Let me just go. Let me get this cycle to just go. Both are chicken b- On the here, I'm not having military jobs. But, in this case, it's been a very clear image. But I've got that 24,000 people were not paying it for the decision, Because I've got a lot of money going up to you. I'm not paying the money 5 years. This is just my point, and I think, So, I'm going to put this in a little bit. And if we can predict the actions of somebody, it means the actions are predesighted. And if they are predesighted, there is no free bill. The same thing, we are not going to do anything. But if we have to get to our side, it is not going to be hard. And if we have to get to our side, we can take the same time and take the same time. where is it? What? I mean, I don't want to know that, what he's supposed to do? Why don't you have an opportunity to learn what he's supposed to do? So there are many ways of taking this message. The first is the absolute sense of the ultimate function of life. The greatest sense of life is what he is. His best of life is what I would say is extremely unique. I mean, you know, you know, the ultimate process and most of the things I say are different. And I know that the character who owns the book has a different level of life. I think it's important to understand how it's possible that people are human in their eyes. I think it's very difficult to understand how you are very human in their eyes. So many people are very patient. They don't want to be patient. They don't want to be patient. But I have a lot of work. I think we're going to have to know about the people who are living here. the scientific mind, they may getient strings may or very thoughts may or you see it by end of time when I say ache. The minute karatahe the maitaranam potharam to my third process cognitive process do minute karamirian saint or mery emotions go but remember but yes you have to do so but those you have to remember emotion which will be the minute karain to end the point of an emotional turmoil my emotion is me, yeah I the maitaranam to my third process I or jama jara you can't get a chance So, I had to give as I go my turn. ? ? ? ? ? I W ? ? Can be distributed as well. The distributed I ? Trust you. To I You the Miami ? this is the is a thought processor. A line, nothing. A case of a political user line. A case of a political user. I don't have any plans to talk, but I make a few hours. I don't have any plans to talk about it, but I am proud to be the first one. Do you think it's a whole thing? Do you know it? Have you seen it? I think your question was, I think that's the problem. 8th level. Mm. Baki, have you published? Obviously, I'm going to write the... If I ask you any questions or questions, please ask me for questions. See you guys later. Thank you for being here. It's also happening. We will play a bit more in the game. We will have more than a decade. Bhasu Kagani is studying her language, Khan Khan law, politically be fixed in the way. One K mobile phone be real as he and I should use any healthcare case. We are dying. Our future does not matter, we are going to have to spend on the next day so we are going to have a Our youth god knows about life. Our influence is always listening to us. The world is on Earth, the world is on the running the world is on Earth. The world is in the building and the world is on Earth, the The next video is available in the video and in the video you can find out in the video. In this video we will get more information about the video. We are doing the video and I will have some questions about what we are doing today. The video is available in the video. The video is available in the video and I will also get more information about the video. If you are, if you don't have any money, if you don't have any money, do you think that it's not good? I think that you have to do it. If you don't have to do it, if you don't have any money, do you think that it's good to see you? If you don't have any money, you can make an interest value Cool part of the hand, switch the hand to a matter of my... As we say, we all know that the moral is cut. Everyone knows what they mean. And what the moral is... But the moral is a... The moral of this... There are some people around this world. This is the moral of the world. non-modal leg tikwashi, a bizamneki manli jikwashi, tikwashi, tikwashi, tikwashi. Nobody loved me and I was like, I don't know what that is, because nothing was going to be used. But why don't you ask me that I'm sorry? You ask me that I'm sorry. I'm sorry, because I don't know of the fact, I've never seen it yet, sometimes I don't see it yet. I have to pay attention to my company, my company. I had to pay attention in my bank. Because I want to pay attention, It doesn't have any conception of morality. It doesn't have any kind of morality. It doesn't have any kind of morality. It doesn't have any kind of morality. My wife, that's the only thing I could do. My husband, my wife, I didn't even like me. Believe, why don't you do anything? You like that. You like the guy who's been for the rest of the life. Do you think he's going to be with you? Yes, and I'm down here with you. I couldn't even grow here without the money. Nothing's going to happen. much you make ever about getting this buddy must I'm not saying that he is out of my life. But it's the fault about what he is living there. Only there's a fight for this fight! It was the fight for a protest. So, there will be a fight for a protest. I think that he will be on the side of the building. He also will have a gun on the bottom, and he will have the gun on the other side. Kharmun's had no idea who was in the next four years in the villain. His last son was a little bit of food. He lived great in his life. He said that he was a little bit rich. He was a little rich. But he was a little rich, a little rich in his life. He was an American. He's a little rich. I'm just jagged me, who's jagged me? I'm just jagged me, who's jagged me? So, we're not saying that we can't give up any of these stories, but we have to get started with this attitude, and it's very important to speak, for the past five years, we've got a little bit of this, and we are obsessed with this, a little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of anviolence, and a little bit of an patience. What have you done? I was very happy to be here. I have been here for a long time. I'm very happy to be here for a long time. future Lagara-I or past undonoko-antari-alagi-e-kara-agi-e-univers-may-and-prope-randomness. Yes, we will jump to Bhanachuki here. Or JSE-univers-to-ulgent-bathari-are-e-to-univers-so-much-staj-are-are-e-kibyo-abhi-hoshuk-ai-e-ab-bast-ho-y-ab-past-ho-y-a-haj-a-haj-a-haj-ay. First cycle. A.G. in the A. Universe, Purani Universe says Zada, Big La Vai, Ula Vai. Ula Vai, Ula Vai. A.G. A.G. A.G. A.G. A.G. A.G. A.G. A.G. A.G. A.G. A.G. A.G. A.G. A.G. A.G. A.G. A.G. A.G. A.G. B. Maybe... I think he's a proppy, Maximum-state maneOE Universe Kohl. He's an English singer. He's competing by... He's a regular... And... He's a region of... I don't know how much he's going to be. I haven't had it for the most time. We'll call him... I'll pay the price... and if we don't buy a price, If we don't pay short... No one can buy a price. We'll buy a price... But you know, when a company has already paid... We didn't say that we would have someone that had a huge name in our way. We found that we could have a big name. We had a huge name in Japan already. We contacted where we sent out computers in Japan, so that our customers were connected and connected. It's our place to get a new planet. That we enjoy, this is what we talk about. hm to science to the herm or darshan, get. We believe that we have a world where we are not going touddio. And that's the reason why we can live in such a good way. And what do we have to do is for a large island we have to invest in the world as well. And that is the real thing I am not sure, but we have to ease the city as well. You just have to check out that. You have to check out that. How many? And that's the idea his brain has tried. And he was basically a good one, and he was a superstar. He was a big fan of the dance with him when he was a great one. And he was a great guy, and he didn't want to miss that one. His hands did not kill him, but I didn't want to even finish. If I don't, I'm sure he's in the middle of the war like that, and even with his own destructive hand, or what kata mojaga, jivan kaja kata mojaga mama pata an chelra, like in japita kami jere, yaham jilajare, hamari pata kuchi bhi chan sis hei, ju frequent, hulkasam bulte shatri bihu, yahna yu doi bhate, ap ka kate hei, hei haam lu wokuk kase rehana ji, in terms of jubi aspa sis yu hoori yah, kapun yahme hoori hoori hu, kai aakasat personally hoori hoori hoori hoori hoori hoori hoori hoori yahse may sat personally hoorat jahse papa kat chelra habibi, yahfir dunyam I can't believe it. I can't believe that all Americans have to make the right. I can't believe it. But I can't believe it. Because it's terrible. But even if there is a small one, then we can't believe it. But it is an abolitionist tradition. It is just a pleasure to celebrate. Hello family, come right here because it's low, high and low, high. Of course, we're not allowed for those who are going to get. All the way we got to the same thing. There are very many people doing that. We're not really going to do that, but it's so informative. If you don't want to have a special video or a show, you can have a video on the show. It's very simple, but it's very simple, I think we are going to say that those who have worked on money, but do you make a waste of money in the east of the region? How old are all these? More than 3 million dollars. People are often wanting to make money in person. I personally haven't met any people at any time. I've heard it because I'm not surprised. I'll talk with you. I am going to be a professional and a great fan of the U.S. I'm going to do a new thing that is amazing when I am doing a new thing. I am not able to do this by the way, I think I will be happy with it. I will be happy with this, for example, that I will be happy with it. I will be happy with it, I'm going to be happy with it, a character portrait scenario. or because if you are in overseas, you have to say, saying, this is a good place that people are interested in. But since Romania, they are trying to take an esteem of what you are, she can't look, she can't look at it, she doesn't know what you know. I believe it, there's a lot of people in the world who figure out how to be Thank you very much. because the The main skill is to create videos, but it shocks the action of the action of the attack of the attack of the attack of the attack of the attack of the attack of the attack Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you.